# 5.6.1 Readme

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="API Management"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-401c417f-6074-48c4-95e9-80c607023558"/>
</head>

- Product Name	 : TIBCO Cloud(TM) API Management - Local Edition
- Release Version	 : 5.6.1
- Release Date	 : February 2023


## Introduction 

TIBCO Cloud(TM) API Management - Local Edition is a cloud-native
API gateway that can be deployed within a customer's datacenter
or on Cloud platforms.

TIBCO Cloud API Management - Local Edition (hereinafter
referred to as "API Management - Local Edition" or "the Local
Edition") supports two mutually exclusive deployment modes,
both which allow customers to process API traffic within their
on-premises environment:
* Untethered, without any external dependencies
* Tethered, alongside TIBCO Cloud API Management

In Tethered mode, TIBCO Cloud API Management includes a
cloud-hosted Developer Portal, Administrative Control Center,
API Reporting and Analytics dashboard.

In Untethered mode, API Management - Local Edition includes a
locally deployed Developer Portal and Administrative Control
Center. Logs from Local Edition can be collected and forwarded
for downstream reporting and analytics via other
externally-available tools.

API Management - Local Edition is available to customers for
installation in container-based environments.

## Minimum Hardware Requirements

- CPU: Production API Management - Local Edition 5.x clusters
        should have a minimum of 6 Processors allocated towards the
        platform's components.

## Product-Specific Information 

TIBCO Cloud(TM) API Management - Local Edition 5.6.1 has been
tested on and example scripts have been provided for the
following platforms:

Amazon AWS
- EKS Kubernetes 1.23
- Red Hat OpenShift 4.10

Google Cloud
- GKE Kubernetes 1.24
- Red Hat OpenShift 4.10

Microsoft Azure
- AKS Kubernetes 1.24
- Red Hat OpenShift 4.10

On-premises
- Docker Community Edition 20+ (Docker Swarm)
- Red Hat OpenShift 4.10
- Kubernetes v1.24

This release is tested on and is compliant with containered,
cri-o and docker runtimes.

The example scripts are intended to help expedite testing and
deployment of the platform with little to no changes. Users are
expected to review and make customizations on an as-needed
basis to meet existing or specific environment requirements
such as the choice of cloud provider, orchestrator, and
network.

If the provided set of example scripts do not reflect your
environment's design, please refer the deployments section of
the TIBCO Cloud API Management - Local Edition Installation and
Configuration Guide. This also includes details on building
containers, an overview of their bindings, interdependency, and
traffic management services. So you can create or customize a
set of deployment scripts for your specific requirements.

Need help creating new or modifying existing example deployment
scripts? If so, please contact your TIBCO account
representative to discuss additional services options
available.

Support for MySQL Community and Standard (Commercial) Edition

TIBCO Cloud(TM) API Management - Local Edition is configured for
use with both MySQL Community Edition and MySQL Standard
(Commercial) Edition. If using MySQL Standard Edition,
customers will need to obtain their own licensed version of
MySQL Standard Edition. For more information on how to
configure TIBCO Cloud API Management - Local Edition to use
with MySQL Standard Edition, please see the "Installing MySQL
Standard (Commercial) Edition" section of the TIBCO Cloud(TM)
API Management - Local Edition Installation and Configuration
Guide.

Your license to the Licensed Software (here, TIBCO Cloud API
Management - Local Edition) includes the latest version of the
Licensed Software that was generally available ("GA") as of the
effective date of your license (or a subsequent release to
which you are entitled in accordance with TIBCO's Maintenance
terms), but the license does *not* extend to any prior version
of the Licensed Software. By way of example, if TIBCO Cloud API
Management - Local Edition 5.4.0 is the GA version as of the
effective date of your license, your license includes version
5.4.0 and subsequent higher versions of the Licensed Software
(e.g., 5.4.1), but does *not* extend to versions 5.3.1, or
5.3.x, or 5.2.x, or 5.1.x, or 5.0.x, or 4.x.x, or 3.x.x., etc.,
or any later released version that is an update of such version
(e.g., if TIBCO were to release a version 4.4.4 in the future,
in support of version 4.4.3, the license would not extend to
such a version 4.4.4).


## Documentation

Documentation for this and other TIBCO products is available on
the TIBCO Documentation site. This site is updated more
frequently than any documentation that might be included with
the product. To ensure that you are accessing the latest
available help topics, visit: https://docs.tibco.com.

## TIBCO Product Support

You can contact TIBCO Support in the following ways:

  For an overview of TIBCO Support, visit
  http://www.tibco.com/services/support.

  For accessing the Support Knowledge Base and getting
  personalized content about products you are interested in,
  visit the TIBCO Support portal at https://support.tibco.com.

  For creating a Support case, you must have a valid
  maintenance or support contract with TIBCO. You also need a
  user name and password to log in to https://support.tibco.com.
  If you do not have a user name, you can request one by clicking
  Register on the website.


Copyright (c) 2023. Cloud Software Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.