# 6.0.0 Readme

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="API Management"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-46562219-6026-41bf-8d06-3a49313cc8ad"/>
</head>


- Product Name	 : TIBCO Cloud(TM) API Management - Local Edition
- Release Version	 : 6.0.0
 - Release Date	 : March 2024


## Introduction 

TIBCO Cloud(TM) API Management - Local Edition is a cloud-native
API gateway that can be deployed within a customer's datacenter
or on Cloud platforms.

This release of TIBCO Cloud API Management - Local Edition
(hereinafter referred to as "API Management - Local Edition" or
"the Local Edition") supports untethered deployment mode.

In Untethered mode, API Management - Local Edition includes a
locally deployed Developer Portal and Administrative Control
Center. Logs from Local Edition can be collected and forwarded
for downstream reporting and analytics via other
externally-available tools.
Samples and templates to configure observability are available
on https://github.com/TIBCOSoftware/tcapim-samples.

API Management - Local Edition is available to customers for
installation in container-based environments.


## Supported Third-party Software

   Database
- MySQL 8.0.x (Support for 8.0.23 and above)

Additional Information 

   Supported cloud database services:
   - Amazon Aurora for MySQL
   - Azure Database for MySQL Flexible Server
   - Google Cloud SQL for MySQL
   
   TIBCO Cloud(TM) API Management - Local Edition can be configured
   with LDAP server that use the Lightweight Directory Access Protocol
   (LDAP) version 3. This release is tested with:
   - OpenLDAP 2.5.x
   - Apache DS 2.0.0


## Minimum Hardware Requirements

- CPU: Production API Management - Local Edition 6.x clusters
        should have a minimum of 6 Processors allocated towards the
        platform's components.


## Product-Specific Information 

TIBCO Cloud(TM) API Management - Local Edition is deployed on
containers managed on a Kubernetes based platform and is
supported on CNCF Certified Kubernetes distributions with the
below versions:

- Kubernetes 1.28
- Red Hat OpenShift 4.14

This release has been verified on AWS EKS, Azure AKS, Google
GKE and Red Hat OpenShift Platform and is compliant with
containered and cri-o runtimes.

Docker and podman are supported for building the container
images and the helm charts are provided for the deployment on
kubernetes platforms. The charts can be customized on an
as-needed basis to meet the environment specific requirements.

Please refer to the deployments section of the TIBCO Cloud API
Management - Local Edition Installation and Configuration Guide
for additional details and configuration options.

Need help with customizing the helm charts for your deployment?
If so, please contact your TIBCO account representative to
discuss additional services options available.

---

Your license to the Licensed Software (here, TIBCO Cloud API
Management - Local Edition) includes the latest version of the
Licensed Software that was generally available ("GA") as of the
effective date of your license (or a subsequent release to
which you are entitled in accordance with TIBCO's Maintenance
terms), but the license does *not* extend to any prior version
of the Licensed Software. By way of example, if TIBCO Cloud API
Management - Local Edition 5.4.0 is the GA version as of the
effective date of your license, your license includes version
5.4.0 and subsequent higher versions of the Licensed Software
(e.g., 5.4.1), but does *not* extend to versions 5.3.1, or
5.3.x, or 5.2.x, or 5.1.x, or 5.0.x, or 4.x.x, or 3.x.x., etc.,
or any later released version that is an update of such version
(e.g., if TIBCO were to release a version 4.4.4 in the future,
in support of version 4.4.3, the license would not extend to
such a version 4.4.4).


## Documentation

Documentation for this and other TIBCO products is available on
the TIBCO Documentation site. This site is updated more
frequently than any documentation that might be included with
the product. To ensure that you are accessing the latest
available help topics, visit: https://docs.tibco.com.


## TIBCO Product Support

You can contact TIBCO Support in the following ways:

  For an overview of TIBCO Support, visit
  https://www.tibco.com/services/support.

  To access the Support Knowledge Base and getting personalized
  content about products you are interested in, visit the TIBCO
  Support portal at https://support.tibco.com.

  To create a Support case, you must have a valid maintenance
  or support contract with TIBCO. You also need a user name and
  password to log in to https://support.tibco.com. If you do not
  have a user name, you can request one by clicking Register on
  the website.


Copyright (c) 2024. Cloud Software Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.