# Getting started

## Boomi for SAP 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Boomi for SAP"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-a3557f9b-5e0a-4c91-ad65-699020bba2b6"/>
</head>

The Boomi for SAP product uses core functionality to accelerate the Integration process to help you create your own services and integration scenarios. Additionally, it provides you with guidance for quick design and integration of OpenAPI.

Boomi for SAP includes an event framework functionality that optimizes the workflow events, change pointer events, and custom events. This workflow sends messages between SAP and Boomi to help manage each specific event and/or when there’s an initial load of SAP data to the developed integrations. All events from Boomi for SAP can be sent directly to Boomi or a Solace connector, ensuring smooth communication with relevant systems and supporting an Event Driven Architecture.

Boomi for SAP is composed of two distinct components - Boomi for SAP Core and Boomi for SAP Connector.  

## Boomi for SAP Core

Boomi for SAP Core is a module/application within your own SAP system. It acts as the communication interface between the SAP system and Boomi for SAP.

Boomi for SAP Core UI is designed to support Business Analysts, Line of Business users, and Data Citizens. It enables users familiar with business data to use the data without SAP coding.

Boomi for SAP Core Monitoring is designed to target technical SAP users who are focused on monitoring, creating event jobs, and manipulating data for any auditing requirements.

## Boomi for SAP Connector

Boomi for SAP Connector is an optimized branded connector with a user interface (UI) designed to interact with the services generated by Boomi for SAP Core.

The branded Boomi for SAP connector is available in your Boomi Enterprise Platform account and appears in the drop-down menu as Boomi for SAP.

You can deploy it in an Atom, Molecule, and public and private Atom Clouds. The deployment of the connector on the public Atom Cloud assumes that your SAP system is accessible outside the network in where the SAP system resides.

*Example Boomi processes are available for all features in the [Boomi Process Library](https://platform.boomi.com/AtomSphere.html#build;processLibrary=2693ee36-9c7a-43bc-bf94-c1fcbadfa1f1)*.

### [ABAP PROXY](./sap-abap-proxy.md)

The ABAP Proxy feature exposes ABAP Proxies as REST services (in Boomi for SAP core) and sends ABAP Proxy data to REST services (in Boomi).
  
### [BW DATA EXTRACTOR](./sap-BW_Data_Extractor.md)

With BW Data Extractor, extracting data for BW reporting from SAP is easy; enabling the use of the data in Boomi processes.

### [DATA WIZARDS](./sap-Data_Wizards.md)

The Data Wizard content is integrated into the UI installation, ensuring automatic updates and maintenance by SAP with each new release. This is because it serves as a visual representation of native SAP functionality.

### [EVENT](./sap-Events.md)

Boomi for SAP core Events facilitates SAP Event-Driven Architecture (EDA) by leveraging standard SAP functionalities via Business Object and Change Pointer events.


### [HYPER AUTOMATION](./sap_Hyper_Automation.md)

Hyper Automation makes it easy to transport objects through SAP clients.


### [RECEIVER FRAMEWORK](./sap_Receiver_Framework.md)

The Receiver Framework feature in Boomi for SAP empowers you to send data to any destination in the format that best suits your needs. This feature allows for customized data transmission, ensuring that it reaches its intended destination in the most suitable format.

### [TABLE SERVICES](sap_table_service.md)

With Table Services, it is easy to expose tables and views from SAP to use the data in Boomi processes.

### [TABLE SERVICE EXTRACT](./Sap-Table_service_extr.md)

Table Service Extracts enable rapid transmission of large amounts of Table Service data to Boomi.

Boomi for SAP core Events enables SAP Event-Driven Architecture (EDA) by leveraging standard SAP functionalities through Business Object and Change Pointer events.

### [FUNCTION MODULES](./sap_function_modules.md)

Exposes SAP Function Modules to easily use in Boomi processes.


### [IDOC](./sap_IDoc.md)

The IDocs feature simplifies sending and receiving SAP IDocs within Boomi processes.

### [RFC CONFIGURATION](./sap-RFC_Configuration.md)

An SAP RFC Connection is essential for sending data to REST services, particularly when using features like Events, BW Extractors, and Table Service Extracts. This connection acts as a bridge between the SAP system and REST services, facilitating secure and efficient data transfer.
