# Outbound EDI document validation 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Integration"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-787bd764-834b-42f1-9d91-49ea66f38c95"/>
</head>


A Trading Partner step in a process optionally validates data in an outbound X12, EDIFACT, HL7, ODETTE, or RosettaNet transmission. For X12, EDIFACT, HL7, or ODETTE transmissions, validation can be configured in the trading partner component used in the step to occur at the interchange level and, optionally, at the transaction set level for X12 document types, the message level for EDIFACT and ODETTE document types, or the transmission level for HL7 document types. Qualifier validation is performed by default for X12, EDIFACT, HL7, and ODETTE document types, but there is the option to omit that validation for a given document type. For RosettaNet transmissions, validation can be configured in the trading partner component used in the step only at the message level. In the trading partner component, the **Document Types** tab is used to select the X12 transaction sets, EDIFACT message types, HL7 transmission types, ODETTE message types, or RosettaNet message types, exchanged with that trading partner and for each selected transaction set, message type, or transmission type, the EDI profile against which to validate.

-   If the X12, EDIFACT, HL7, or ODETTE trading partner used in a Trading Partner step is configured with the **Validate Outbound Interchanges** option in the trading partner’s **X12 Standard**, **EDIFACT Standard**, **HL7 Standard**, or **ODETTE Standard** tab, validation is performed at the interchange level. Document handling is determined by the selected **Outbound Validation Option**:

    -   If Filter Errored Documents is selected , each document found to have any errors is sent to the step’s Errors path.

    -   If Fail Interchange if Any Documents Have Errors is selected, if a document error occurs, the entire interchange is sent to the step’s Errors path.

    Interchange-level validation performed on outbound X12, EDIFACT, HL7, and ODETTE documents is the same as that performed at that level on inbound documents.

-   If the X12 trading partner used in a Trading Partner step is configured with the **Validate Outbound Transaction Sets** option for a given transaction set in the **Document Types** tab, validation is performed at the transaction set level. Transaction set-level validation performed on outbound documents is the same as that performed at that level on inbound documents. Validation includes the application of segment validation rules if rules are defined in the selected EDI profile and the **Segment Validation Rules** option is selected in the profile. If, in addition, the **Validate Qualifiers** option is selected for the transaction set, qualifier validation is also performed — this option is selected by default. Each document found to have any errors is sent to the step’s Errors path.

    Similarly, if the EDIFACT trading partner used in a Trading Partner step is configured with the **Validate Outbound Messages** option for a given message type in the **Document Types** tab, validation is performed at the message level. Message-level validation performed on outbound documents is the same as that performed at that level on inbound documents. Validation includes the application of segment validation rules if rules are defined in the selected EDI profile and the **Segment Validation Rules** option is selected in the profile. If, in addition, the **Validate Qualifiers** option is selected for the message type, qualifier validation is also performed — this option is selected by default. Each document found to have any errors is sent to the step’s Errors path.

    Similarly, if the HL7 trading partner used in a Trading Partner step is configured with the **Validate Outbound Transmissions** option for a given transmission type in the **Document Types** tab, validation is performed at the transmission level. Transmission-level validation performed on outbound documents is the same as that performed at that level on inbound documents. If, in addition, the **Validate Qualifiers** option is selected for the transmission type, qualifier validation is also performed — this option is selected by default. Each document found to have only qualifier errors is sent to the step’s Documents path. Each document found to have any other types of errors is sent to the step’s Errors path.

    Similarly, if the ODETTE trading partner used in a Trading Partner step is configured with the **Validate Outbound Messages** option for a given message type in the **Document Types** tab, validation is performed at the message level. Message-level validation performed on outbound documents is the same as that performed at that level on inbound documents. Validation includes the application of segment validation rules if rules are defined in the selected EDI profile and the **Segment Validation Rules** option is selected in the profile. If, in addition, the **Validate Qualifiers** option is selected for the message type, qualifier validation is also performed — this option is selected by default. Each document found to have any errors is sent to the step’s Errors path.

    RosettaNet does not have the concept of an interchange. Validation is performed at the message level for a given message type if a Trading Partner step is configured such that **Validate Outbound Documents** is selected in the **RosettaNet Standard** tab and **Validate Outbound Messages** is selected for the message type in the Document Types tab. Each document found to have any errors is sent to the step’s Errors path. Message-level validation performed on outbound documents is the same as that performed at that level on inbound documents. There is not an option for qualifier validation.


**Note:** If, in an X12 trading partner, **Validate Outbound Interchanges** with the Fail Interchange if Any Documents Have Errors option and **Validate Outbound Transaction Sets** for a given transaction set are both selected, if a document error occurs, the validation outcome is the same as if transaction set-level validation had not been selected: The entire interchange is sent to the step’s Errors path.

Similarly, if, in an EDIFACT trading partner, **Validate Outbound Interchanges** with the Fail Interchange if Any Documents Have Errors option and **Validate Outbound Messages** for a given message type are both selected, if a document error occurs, the validation outcome is the same as if message-level validation had not been selected: The entire interchange is sent to the step’s Errors path.

Similarly, if, in an HL7 trading partner, **Validate Outbound Interchanges** with the Fail Interchange if Any Documents Have Errors option and **Validate Outbound Transmissions** for a given transmission type are both selected, if a document error occurs, the validation outcome is the same as if transmission-level validation had not been selected: The entire interchange is sent to the step’s Errors path.

Similarly, if, in an ODETTE trading partner, **Validate Outbound Interchanges** with the Fail Interchange if Any Documents Have Errors option and **Validate Outbound Messages** for a given message type are both selected, if a document error occurs, the validation outcome is the same as if message-level validation had not been selected: The entire interchange is sent to the step’s Errors path.

If **Validate Outbound Interchanges** is cleared in an X12, EDIFACT, HL7, or ODETTE trading partner, or **Validate Outbound Documents** is cleared in a RosettaNet trading partner, no data is sent to the step’s Errors path. The best practice in these cases is to attach a Stop step to the path.