# Data types

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Integration"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-f79b7a73-0bdc-4b4b-bbad-de622f6e280c"/>
</head>


You can specify the data type and format of a field or value in many places throughout . Most commonly, you specify data type in profiles but you can also specify it when you are formatting map functions and in various parameter date values.

The data types are:

-   Character

-   Number

-   Date/Time


:::note

Database profiles are unique because you do not need to specify a format for date and numeric values. The database determines the formats; Integration simply communicates with native date or number objects.

:::


:::note

JSON profiles also support a data type of Boolean \(true/false\). Database profiles support the Clob and Blob data types.

:::

You should configure date and number formats in the profile to eliminate the need to use multiple map functions in a map for formatting.

When mapping data, formatting can be applied explicitly using map functions or implicitly by defining the format in both the source and destination profiles. For example, you are mapping the "Last Modified Date" from system A in one format \("10/29/2007"\) to system B in another format \("2007-10-29"\). If you configure the format in the profile elements \(MM/dd/yyyy and yyyy-MM-dd, respectively\), the value is translated without a date format map function.

For Profiles generated by connectors, data types are configured automatically for the given application. However, you need to configure data types manually when creating profiles manually, such as Flat Files. To facilitate mapping, profile element data types should be configured to match the values expected in the given field.