# Local runtime HTML5 player setup

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Flow"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-f418374c-f634-42a0-8d7a-b330c69107d5"/>
</head>

A Flow player needs to be configured for use with the local runtime.

Once you have set up a local runtime, a local runtime player needs to be created to render and allow users to view local runtime flows in a web browser. See [Players](c-flow-Players_931f82a8-0725-4dc3-b965-f606330dc5a6.md) for more information on using players in Flow.

As the local runtime does not connect to and use players in the Flow cloud, a local player must be created and configured to use the local runtime's Run API to render a local runtime flow.

For example:

- A new default.html file is created in a web server folder on the local runtime machine.

- The contents of the default player are copied into this new local player file.

- The contents of this new local player file are edited and configured to point to and use the local runtime.

## How to set up a local runtime HTML5 player

A local runtime player is typically set up using either of the following two approaches:

- [Setting up a local runtime default HTML5 player](t-flo-MC_Players_Default_a1ececcd-9c40-44f2-baf8-4468e2fce758.md)

- [Setting up a local runtime HTML5 player for an individual flow](t-flo-MC_Players_Single_0b9ba784-8897-4b63-a998-6f0477b9fdf0.md)

If you wish to use a custom player based on an existing custom player in the Flow cloud, simply copy the content of the Flow cloud custom player into a local version of the player that you can then use with the local runtime.

Players can be hosted in different ways depending on your requirements, using any web server or content management site that can render HTML, such as an Apache web server or a content management site such as Atlassian Confluence.

A containerized web server can be used to display the HTML player if required, for example using an Apache Web Server. See [Apache HTTP Server](https://hub.docker.com/_/httpd).

:::note

A local runtime HTML5 player is not a requirement when using local runtimes if your flows will not be run in a web browser, as your Organization may deliver flows using the API, a custom user interface, or a connector such as Twilio for example.

:::
