#  Boomi Master Data Hub connector

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Flow"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-28659957-7c42-4719-b218-a6842fd3f3de"/>
</head>



Use the Boomi Master Data Hub connector to connect a flow to a Boomi DataHub repository.

## Overview 

The Boomi Master Data Hub connector provides a way of connecting and aligning a flow to a Boomi DataHub repository. The models deployed in the repository are converted into Types within the connector, allowing you to:


-   Save/Update Golden Records

-   Load/Query Golden Records

-   Match Entities against Golden Records using match rules

-   Load/Query Quarantined Records


When the Boomi Master Data Hub connector is installed, a number of types are automatically generated, along with the types relevant for your Hub Model. See [ Boomi Master Data Hub connector types](/docs/Atomsphere/Flow/topics/c-flo-Hub_Types_65656c18-8d7f-4a03-819e-bce303fe7306.md).

To get started, a working example of using the Boomi Master Data Hub connector within a flow is provided. See [Master Data Hub connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Flow/topics/c-flo-Hub_Example_57465a74-049e-483a-9278-e5a361f47a3c.md).

## Connector URL

he Boomi Master Data Hub connector endpoint URL is:

-   https://services.manywho.com/api/mdh/1

## Features 

The Boomi Master Data Hub connector forms part of the following features within flow:

-   **Database:** This feature allows you to connect to a remote data source and perform save, load and delete operations.

## Known Limitations 

-   When the Boomi Master Data Hub connector is installed, each Model is translated into a flow type with three bindings: "Match", "Golden Record", and "Quarantine".

    Due to this multi-binding functionality, there are some limitations when using a table in a page to load the entities.

    When loading Match Entities it is mandatory to use a List of Entities, but as this is not possible using a table, the list will be used as an input and is updated after the Load.

-   Filtering is only supported on quarantine records for the following fields:

    -   Created date

    -   Update date

    -   Cause

    -   Resolution

    For example, you cannot apply a filter using either the Surname or Name field, as the Boomi Master Data Hub connector does not support filtering using these fields.