# PDF connector

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Flow"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-7ac7f936-2b7f-4419-90b5-4997672faf20"/>
</head>


The PDF connector allows you to generate a PDF file from HTML, which can then be made available for download in a flow.

## Overview

You can use the PDF connector to provide PDF file generation and download functionality to your flow users.

For example, you could generate a PDF file from the responses given to a form from a flow user, which can then be made available for download to the user once they have completed the form.

-   You can integrate the PDF connector into a flow using:

    -   A message map element, which contains the HTML content and layout settings for the PDF. See [PDF connector message actions](flo-PDF_Connector_Inputs_b94ecffb-337f-4778-b56d-cd2fc7ba5638.md).

    -   A PDF page component, which allows you to insert a download link for the generated PDF file into a page. See [PDF component](flo-PDF_Component_439d39e9-d874-4a54-93cd-0be8200a9965.md).

-   The connector itself does not require any configuration values to be defined, as it is an internal connector.

-   PDF files generated by the connector are stored in an internal Amazon Web Services \(AWS\) S3 bucket.

-   The file size limit for PDF files generated by the connector is 100Mb.


## Installing the PDF connector

1.  Select **Connectors** from the main left-hand menu.
2.  Click **New Connector** to open the **New Connector** page.
3.  Select the 'PDF' connector from the **Connector Type** drop-down menu.
4.  Enter a name for the connector in the **Name** field, such as 'PDF Connector' for example. The PDF connector URL is shown in the **Url** field.
5.  Click **Retrieve Connector Configuration Data** to open the **Configure Connector** page.
6.  Click **Install**.
7.  Click **Save Connector**.
8.  The PDF connector is now installed, and can be imported as a shared element into your tenant\(s\).

## Worked example

To help you get started with using the connector, a worked example is provided:

-   [Creating a PDF from HTML](flo-PDF_Connector_example_24910d26-017f-4f56-b936-dc18526a01ee.md)


## Connector URL

The PDF connector endpoint URL is:

-   flow://pdf

## Features

The PDF connector forms part of the following features within :

-   **Files:** This connector feature allows you to expose files stored in a repository from within your flows. This also allows users to upload and manage files through flows.

-   **Messages:** This connector feature provides the ability to interact with the connector using [ Message map elements](c-flo-ME_Message_342e9efb-0f11-4083-a2dc-195d52d1f939.md).