# Flow regions

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Flow"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-1a50f08b-dfa3-49fb-ab92-27580c046354"/>
</head>


Choose which region you want to keep your Flow data and resources in.

## Overview

A Flow region is the specific geographic area and URL used to host your data, resources, and running flows. Regions are aligned to physical data center locations across the world, allowing you to choose the most appropriate region in which to locate your Flow deployment.

For example, instead of using the main "https://flow.boomi.com" URL (which routes to the main US region), you can instead route your flow data through one of the alternative global regions.

Regions are accessed using a specific regional URL, such as "https://gb.flow-prod.boomi.com", that directs users to the appropriate regional data center.

Regions are fully self-contained, isolated, and independent from all other regions.

No data is passed between regions, and you cannot share data between regions.

## Considerations when choosing a region

You might choose your region based on a number of factors, such as:

- **Compliance/regulation**: You may be required to host your Flow data and web application(s) in a specific country or continent, due to compliance or legal regulations. For example, if you have specific regional data sovereignty and privacy requirements, or have to operate within local regulatory requirements, such as within General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) regulations.

- **Performance**: If your Flow application is targeted at a specific set of geographical users, choosing the region closest to your users will improve flow performance, and greatly reduce latency for your users. For example, if your application users are based in Australia, you should consider switching your flow deployment to the Asia Pacific (AU) region located in Sydney, Australia.

If your Organization uses IP address trusted listing, ensure that any connections to self-hosted connectors are added for the region(s) you are using. See [Hostnames and IP addresses for the Flow platform](c-flo-Techref_IP_Whitelist_4361e393-2aef-4c2c-9c96-5f5c7fe87e0d.md).

## Changing Flow region

To change to a different Flow region:

1. Open the Regions menu. See [Regions menu](flo-Regions_menu_97d24616-e2e1-4ebc-91b9-857697ef8f85.md).
2. Choose the region you want to change to.
3. You are redirected to the new region. The browser URL changes to the regional URL that you have switched to.
   
   - If you do not already have an existing user account set up in this region, you are prompted to create a new tenant for the region using your user account.
   
   - If you already have an existing tenant for your user account in this region, you are automatically signed in to the new region.

4. Once you are signed in to the new region, you can create tenants, users, and flows as normal.

To assist with moving your existing settings and flows to a different region, you can migrate tenant content from one region to another using the tenant data export and import functionality. See [Exporting and importing tenant data](flo-tenant_export_import_8f733b18-2d03-4695-bcff-70d0280874b0.md).

## Which region am I using?

You can identify which Flow region you are using, from either the Regions menu or the browser URL.

The region that you are currently using is highlighted in the Regions menu.

Your browser URL indicates which region you are using. For example:

- If your browser URL begins with "https://flow.boomi.com/", you are using the main North America (US) region and data center located in North Virginia, USA.
- If the your browser URL begins with "https://eu.flow-prod.boomi.com/", you are using the Europe (EU) region and data center located in Frankfurt, Germany.

## Regional URLs

The regional URLs are as follows:

| Region                | Regional URL(s)                                 |
|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| **Main/global region** <br /> North America (US) <br /> Located in North Virginia, USA. | <ul><li>https://flow.boomi.com/</li><li>https://us.flow-prod.boomi.com/</li></ul> |
| North America (CA) <br /> Located in Montreal, Canada.   | <ul><li>https://ca.flow-prod.boomi.com/</li></ul>               |
| Europe (EU) <br /> Located in Frankfurt, Germany.          | <ul><li>https://eu.flow-prod.boomi.com/</li></ul>               |
| Europe (GB) <br /> Located in London, England.          | <ul><li>https://gb.flow-prod.boomi.com/</li></ul>               |
| Asia Pacific (AU) <br /> Located in Sydney, Australia.    | <ul><li>https://au.flow-prod.boomi.com/</li></ul>               |
| Asia Pacific (SG) <br /> Located in Singapore, Singapore.    | <ul><li>https://sg.flow-prod.boomi.com/</li></ul>               |







To learn more about the Flow regional architecture, see [Technical architecture overview](c-flo-Techref_Architecture_b7cbf7a7-bcd0-4d1c-b926-69854df699ec.md).