# Configuring observability in a tenant

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Flow"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-0b36d4b4-5f27-49d2-b9e2-487954d6df5b"/>
</head>


Observability must be enabled and configured in a tenant before runtime data can be sent to an APM system or a collector.

You can send runtime trace data for flows in a tenant to an OpenTelemetry Protocol \(OTLP\) endpoint using the OpenTelemetry standard, allowing you to troubleshoot, debug, and manage flow runtime performance.

Data can either be sent directly to an APM system that supports direct OTLP ingestion, or to an OpenTelemetry collector managed by your Organization.

Although how you configure observability for a tenant depends on whether you will be sending flow\(s\) data to an APM system, or to an OpenTelemetry Collector, the following basic steps are involved.

1.  Sign in to as an Administrator.

2.  Navigate to the **Observability** section on the **Tenant** page.

3.  **OTLP endpoint**: Enter the OpenTelemetry Protocol \(OTLP\) endpoint to which data should be sent, i.e. your APM system or OpenTelemetry collector.

    -   Do not include the signal type at the end i.e. /v1/trace.

    -   Entering a value into this field enables the observability data export.

4.  **OTLP headers**: Optionally enter a list of headers to send with the data, such as API key credentials for authentication to the APM system.

    -   Multiple headers are supported, but must be comma-separated. For example, “name1=value1,name2=value2”.

5.  **Enable OTLP sensitive data logging**: Choose whether to include potentially sensitive information in your tenant OTLP logs, such as detailed connector request and response information. The "None - do not log potentially sensitive data" setting is selected by default for tenants. This default setting should not be changed for production environments.

    -   None - do not log potentially sensitive data: No potentially sensitive data is included in the OTLP logs.

    -   On Error - log only error information: Only potentially sensitive error information is included in the OTLP logs.

    -   On Error and Success - log both error and success information: All potentially sensitive information is included in the tenant OTLP logs, such as detailed error and success connector request and response information.

6.  Click **Save Settings** to save the settings and enable observability data export for the tenant.


Once you have enabled observability data in your tenant, the runtime data generated by flows in the tenant can be integrated and viewed in your APM system. This allows you to troubleshoot, debug, and manage flow runtime performance.

Learn more about setting up observability with these worked examples:

-   [Sending observability data directly to an APM system](flo-Observability_APM_4e75f3bd-9caa-4a4a-ac12-5d94b1a7dff2.md)
-   [Sending observability data to an OpenTelemetry collector](flo-Observability_Collector_8b3010e3-51b1-43b5-8b09-9575e59610b0.md)