# Integration

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-1243cab2-6703-4c9f-a8cf-a304c27c4ce6"/>
</head>

**We added these features:**

- The following new fields were added to the Integration Pack Instance object to get the details of the processes in the integration pack using Create and Get operations.

  - `ProcessId`
  - `originalProcessId`
  - `wrapperProcessId`
  - `name`

  :::note

  The `wrapperProcessId` will not be returned for the single-install integration pack while making API calls, as it is only generated for the multi-install integration pack.
  
  :::

  (INT-12331, INT-12332)

  To learn more about this feature, refer to [Integration Pack Instance object](https://developer.boomi.com/api/platformapi#tag/IntegrationPackInstance).

- When you update an override value for a process property with a number or string type in the Environment Extensions dialog, you can set any value, regardless of the allowed values. (INT-12847)

  To learn more about this feature, refer to [Environment Extensions dialog](../../Integration/Integration%20management/r-atm-Environment_Extensions_dialog_3ee06677-2936-432b-9f29-ce4706083fe5.md).

- After adding a property to a process property component and saving the component, you cannot change the property's data type. You can add a new property to the saved component and change the type while editing, but once the component is saved, the property data type cannot be changed. (INT-12845)
  
  To learn more about this feature, refer to [Process Property components](../../Integration/Process%20building/c-atm-Process_Property_components_0b0a1f0f-d712-4087-a163-35dcdc214e7a.md).

- Data type modifications for the saved process property component cannot be made using the **Component Update API** (INT-12846).

- The **Environment Extensions Update API** enables the following functionalities for Process Properties with data types `number` and `string`:
  - A new but optional attribute, `validate=”false/true”` can be added at the process property label level
  - If `validate=’false’`, any value (integer/string) can be input irrespective of the allowed values
  - If `validate=’true’`, or if the attribute is not used in the payload, and the input value is not an allowed value, an enhanced error message is returned with the process property label name and key details to correct the payload. (INT-12848).

  To learn more about this feature, refer to [Environment Extensions object](https://developer.boomi.com/api/platformapi#tag/EnvironmentExtensions).

**We fixed these issues:**

- A new **Looping Option** was added to the root element of the JSON profile in UI, with **Unique** and **Occurrence** options in the drop-down. These options allow you to retrieve all repeated or unique records while mapping the data. (INT-3884)

- Improved the process of updating the environment extension values of the Cross Reference Table through API calls, optimizing the efficiency of override update sizes. (INT-12849, INT-3559)

- For the **Event object query API**, when the platform events are generated by parent or sub-processes using Notify step in general and bridge modes, respective `processId` values are returned in the response instead of always returning the parent process Id. (INT-12115)
