# Master Data Hub

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-688dc812-37b9-47e5-8018-b7c42dfc3398"/>
</head>


**Fixes:**

-  The Purge Multiple Golden Records operation experienced slow performance while deleting traces of the golden record from dependent tables. With this fix, an index was added to improve the Purge operation’s performance. (HUB-1688)
-   After activating the initial load of a contribute-only source, the **Revert Source Configuration** button displayed in the Source tab within a repository. With this fix, the **Revert Source Configuration** button does not display after activating initial load or after finishing initial load. The **Revert Source Configuration** button displays after you make source configuration changes. \(HUB-2009\)
-   Master Data Hub did not recognize the first contributing source as the highest-ranked source when no source ranking was applied. It allowed another source to overwrite values in golden records. With this fix, values in records added before you apply source rankings are not overwritten by lower-ranked sources. Master Data Hub applies the highest rank to these existing values. (HUB-2220)
-   Attempting to deploy a copied model resulted in a continuous spinning state. This occurred after you deleted source configurations from a model, copied the model, and added source configurations. With this fix, copying a model with deleted sources doesn’t prevent you from deploying the copied model with source configurations. (HUB-2396)
-   When source ranking was applied to field groups, an error occurred when sources attempted to contribute data to golden records. With this fix, sources can successfully contribute data when source ranking is applied to a field group. (HUB-2650)

:::note

This fix was released off-cycle into production after the May 2023 release.

:::

