#  Flow

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-57e34f1f-6eba-410a-8cc1-804a42f79204"/>
</head>






The following information identifies the new features and fixes in Flow Platform releases.
**Features:**

-   You can now make edits and see your changes in real time when you're running a flow in a Development environment. To see your changes, click **Update** and refresh the page. To learn more, see the topic [Environments](/docs/Atomsphere/Flow/topics/flo-Environments_f79be140-1c1c-46a5-a45f-21fba514cf5e.md). \(FLOW-2786\)
-   Removed Draw2 service code from the engine. \(FLOW-5316\)
-   Removed the collaboration feature flag. \(FLOW-6466\)
-   Removed Admin service code from the engine. \(FLOW-6488\)
-   Installed the @boomi/exosphere npm package for future features and refactoring. \(FLOW-6507\)
-   Updated and replaced the Pages table with a new user interface. Replaced all the tables in the tooling containing Javascript with the new TypeScript code version. \(FLOW-6447\)
-   Updated and replaced the Values table with a new user interface. Replaced Javascript in all the tables related to values with the new TypeScript code version. \(FLOW-6448\)
-   Updated and replaced the Tenant table with a new user interface. Replaced Javascript in the tables on the User Settings tab with the new TypeScript code version. \(FLOW-6457\)
-   Added more single sign-on tenant bookmarking support use cases. \(FLOW-6435\)
-   Updated the Connectors screen for user experience consistency. The Connectors page is now a list view instead of a tile view and is consistent with the Flow home page. \(FLOW-6408\)
-   Improved the Auto Arrange on flows with groups. Improved the spacing with groups to add clarity. \(FLOW-6427\)
-   Improved the Auto Arrange to make single selections clearer. \(FLOW-6412\)
-   Added a security feature that prevents scripts from running in V2 presentation components. \(FLOW-6429\)
-   Added an initialize spinner to the new Default player to indicate that loading is in progress when launching and navigating around a flow. \(FLOW-6394\)
-   Added support for more SQL types to the SQL service. \(FLOW-6396\)
-   Improved security and error handling in nullable areas of the codebase. \(FLOW-5961\)
-   Added bookmarking for single sign-on users. \(FLOW-6210\)
-   Replaced timer service with an automatic forwarder to support the standard new Wait element. \(FLOW-6315\)
-   Added tooltips to page component attributes. \(FLOW-6413\)
-   Added database migration logic for improved start-up performance. \(FLOW-6393\)
-   SAML authentication default setting now verifies signatures with Sha256. You have the option to change the signature algorithm. \(FLOW-5855\)

**Fixes:**

-   Resolved an issue causing inaccurate results when searching tiles from a service. \(FLOW-6434\)
-   Resolved an issue with swim lane authorization. \(FLOW-6468\)
-   Resolved modals not closing when pressing the escape key. \(FLOW-6482\)
-   Resolved an issue with page conditions not disabling the Outcomes component in the new Default player. \(FLOW-6471\)
-   Resolved an issue preventing environment variables not loading for a default environment. \(FLOW-6465\)
-   Resolved an issue causing the last logged-in tenant to switch to the current logged-in tenant. \(FLOW-6431\)
-   Resolved an issue with Wait causing a flow to continuously flicker. \(FLOW-6444\)
-   Resolved an issue with the SQL service when saving. \(FLOW-6421\)
-   Resolved an issue preventing Multi-cloud runtime from starting correctly with the latest build. \(FLOW-6398\)
-   Resolved an issue where some users were being reported as public users when using an identity provider to protect a flow. \(FLOW-6392\)
-   Resolved an issue preventing data source filtering for ComboBoxes and Tiles. \(FLOW-6237\)
-   Resolved an issue causing Waits to fire continuously when using page Waits with navigation. \(FLOW-6423\)

