#  Boomi Enterprise Platform

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-44751a13-c62c-4546-80b1-44c0ae0557c6"/>
</head>



Platform-wide features and fixes are not in the Runtime Release.


**Feature**:

-   The Boomi Enterprise Platform SSO certificate is expiring and will be updated to the new certificate on 06/30. Depending on the identity provider you use, you might have to update your IDP as instructed in the Boomi Community article [Updated Certificate for SSO Customers](https://community.boomi.com/s/article/Updated-Certificate-for-SSO-Customers) to refresh the certificate. \(ADSEC-1670\)

-   Account Administrators can provide temporary access to support teams by using the Support Team Access feature on the Account Information page in the Boomi Enterprise Platform. When the support team requests access, you can set the role and expiration date for the support team user\(s\) to access the account or deny the request. \(ADSEC-1814\)

    To learn more about this feature, see the topic [Granting temporary account access to Boomi Support users](atm-Granting_temporary_account_access_to_boomi_support_teams_31b51d1a-73c3-43c9-903c-7c1001b99c72.md).

-   The Boomi Enterprise Platform is upgraded to use Java Corretto 1.8u372c. \(ADSEC-2378\)

-   You can enable language localization and select your preferred language from the Preferences panel in the Boomi Enterprise Platform \(**Settings** \> **My User Settings** \> **Preferences**\). The Browser preference option detects the default language settings from your browser. \(UU-949\)

    **Note:** Currently the UI copy in the Platform is available in English only, however as new languages will be added as they become available.