#  Flow

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-aec7347b-ef41-4e96-9464-903f69c3b5e4"/>
</head>


The following information identifies the new features and fixes in Flow:


**Features**:

-   Updated and replaced the Flow properties table with a new user interface. Replaced Javascript in all the tables related to values with the new TypeScript code version. \(FLOW-6461\)
-   Introducing the new canvas layering feauture which enhances the visibility of elements positioned behind group elements making it seamless to manage Flows. \(FLOW-6366\)
-   Enhanced the Auditing page with an icon following each event log that allows you to copy the log message to your clipboard. \(FLOW-6654\)
-   Supports identity providers with query parameters in an authorized URL configuration. \(FLOW-6676\)
-   Enhanced the Payment Card component by validating the input data based on rules of the detected payment provider. Also, introduced masks that is used to divide the card number into groups and changes depending on the detected provider. \(FLOW-6352\)

**Fixes**:

-   Resolved an issue by making the available option consistent while viewing details about environments. \(FLOW-6575\)
-   Resolved an issue causing fade in or out while moving between screens within map element modals. \(FLOW-6596\)
-   Resolved an issue preventing the packaging and importing of flow packages. \(FLOW-6634\)
-   Resolved an issue by preventing the invalid value messages after validation of page conditions on refresh. \(FLOW-2017\)