# Flow 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-60b18963-1815-4866-be4c-7a2e381bcd72"/>
</head>


The following information identifies the new features and fixes in Flow:

**Features**:

-   **Signature Pad Component**: We have enabled a drag and drop Signature Pad component in the input section of the page builder. This allows you to capture handwritten signatures digitally at runtime. \(FLOW-5425\)
-   **Secret Values**: You can now hide any sensitive information in a Flow Value by selecting **Secret Value** field, so that it's not visible again in runtime or design time. As a flow builder, you can mark a new or existing value as a secret and not see the content value of a secret value either in the UI or the API. \(FLOW-5751\)

    **Remember:** You will be able to change the content value of a designated secret value.

-   **Flow Translation**: The Flow Translation feature functionality allows you to run a flow in the selected language. The languages utilised for translation will be displayed in the drop-down menu on the Run screen. You can also Import a translated flow into your tenant and Export the translated flow to your local. \(FLOW-2503\)
-   Enhanced the Payment Card component by validating the input data based on rules of the detected payment provider. Also, introduced Masks, that is used to divide the card number into groups and changes depending on the detected provider. \(FLOW-6352\)
-   Enhanced the start map element by auto-configuring the outcome while creating an outgoing outcome. \(FLOW-6695\)
-   Improved error messages by making them more specific and informative while interacting with OAuth based IDPs. \(FLOW-6707\)
-   Added cloud level support for OTLP, the allows you to import the tenant settings of OTLP into the MCR nodes. \(FLOW-6687\)

**Fixes**:

-   Fixed an issue by providing an ability to delete the list items from Flow list value. \(FLOW-6807\)
-   Fixed an issue by succesfully importing or exporting the flows containing List and Object Values or Types. \(FLOW-6797\)
-   Fixed an issue and enhanced the flow by displaying the properties of objects while searching for values. \(FLOW-6771\)

    **Note:** Applies if the value is an Object.