# Flow 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-0fc7d52d-5d82-44f0-8b44-788787732cf9"/>
</head>


The following information identifies the new features and enhancements in Flow:

**We added these features:**

- Enhanced the runtime by automatically advancing the flow after completing a message action. (FLOW-6967)
- Added support for embedding flow into existing HTML documents by adding the following parameters:- 
  - tenantId
  - flowId
  - flowVersionId
  - stateId

(FLOW-6976)

- Flow now supports multi-import and multi-export functionality. The performance of each flow's export and import functions is independent of the combination or order. Each Flow is a file tag in the XLIFF format, so you have in a single file and the import processes each one individually since this structure is maintained. (FLOW-6885)

- Enhanced the theme functionality by allowing you to import and export themes. This feature is beneficial for importing a theme into another tenant, if there are numerous tenants. (FLOW-6932)

- **Insights:** We introduced a new feature named Insights in Flow. Through Insights, you can visualize outcome clicks through an easy-to-read chart. This lets you compare these clicks against the preceding day, week, or month which is useful for monitoring the impact of changes made to your flow. You can also quickly figure out how many users took a specific route compared to other routes in your Flow. With this feature, you will have instant access to traffic percentage ratios to do just that.

**We fixed this issue:**

- Fixed an issue by preventing the tables from clearing away when you click on them in the Page Editing screen. (FLOW-6981)