# Connectivity 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-7dc13216-33d8-4ad1-8e08-426913c25812"/>
</head>


## Amazon S3 connector 

**We fixed this issue:**
- The ```commons-io:commons-io``` library was updated to address a security vulnerability. (CONC-2462)
    To learn more, see the topic [Amazon S3 Connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/r-atm-Amazon_S3_connector_e69ef1f3-37dd-420c-9c7a-af470c969bc7.md).

## Box connector
**We added this feature:**
- Necessary runtime packages are now packaged with the connector. (CONC-2924)

    To learn more, see the topic [Box Connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/r-atm-Box_connector_6b3e3d8e-f379-40fd-8644-1e8938cfa1f3.md).

## Database V2 connector
The update to this connector has been removed from the platform release. If you applied version 14 during the runtime release, be aware that you will be reverted back to version 13.
    
## Kafka connector
**We added these features:**
- A tracked property to return the **Message Timestamp** on Consume and Listen operations. (CON-8047)
- **Consumer Group**, an optional connection property. When you set a **Consumer Group** name in the connection, the connector will use that value for running the test connection and importing the operations. The **Consumer Group** must be defined in either the connection or operation for the Consume, Listen and Commit Offset operations. (CON-7247)

    To learn more, see the topic [Kafka connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/int-Kafka_connector_c9d1cdde-8864-4408-882b-64520400fdbb.md).

## Google BigQuery connector
**We added this feature:**
- Necessary runtime packages are now packaged with the connector. (CONC-3023)

**We fixed these issues:**
- The connector errored out and was unable to parse the array type response elements along with non-array elements. (CONC-1651)
- User was unable to access a dataset and perform DML operations from another project accessible from GCP when the connector was configured for a particular project. User can now specify a Project Id, in the Project ID Override field, that is used in the subsequent steps of the connector operation else Project Id specified in the connection properties is considered as default. (CONC-2437)

    To learn more, see the topic [Google BigQuery connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/r-atm-Google_BigQuery_connector_e68dae37-25d8-4653-8cf8-14406617cd01.md).

## Google G Suite connector
**We added this feature:**

- Necessary runtime packages are now packaged with the connector. (CONC-2925)

    To learn more, see the topic [Google Apps connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/r-atm-Google_Apps_connector_9b88d8a1-4ec8-4fc3-9437-8e5efbda8cff.md).

## Microsoft Azure Service Bus connector

The updated version of this connector that was available during the runtime release has been removed from the platform release. If you applied this version (23.10.0) and experience any issues, you can manually revert back to the previous version (22.06.0)
      
## REST Client connector
**We added this feature:**
- Supports choosing the document tracking direction for the operation, either Input Documents or Output Documents. (CON-4968)

    To learn more, see the topic [REST Client connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/int-REST_Client_connector_686f3452-ce89-4a04-bf73-2dfd603ae3f7.md).

## Shopify connector
**We fixed these issues:**

- The order response **payment_details** was incorrectly being returned as an array when using an imported Orders profile. (CONC-2774)

- The Fulfilment Order API **Query** action was corrected to not have any selectable response fields and all the following fields except order_id were deprecated from the filtering option: created_at_min, line_items, receipt, since_id, tracking_numbers, tracking_urls, updated_at_max, updated_at_min. (CONC-2977) 

- The Fulfillment Order APIs were updated to use the 2023-07 version. (CONC-2779)

    To learn more, see the topic [Shopify connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/r-atm-Shopify_connector_0ef10e52-18e4-483a-9b59-c0d957f06faa.md).

## Solace PubSub+ - Partner connector
**We fixed this issue:**
- Handling of Property mismatch while attempting to create a pre-existing queue. (CON-8401)

    To learn more, see the topic [Solace PubSub connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/int-Solace_PubSub_connector_b38dbd64-539a-40f5-854b-1efd40b4477d.md).