#  Flow

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-105ea94e-6133-4761-92b3-8cf488b20301"/>
</head>





The following information identifies the new features and fixes in Flow Platform releases.

Features:

-   Added a checkbox list component. \(FLOW-6395\)

-   Added two criteria options for page conditions configuration. The page builder has the following options:

    -   Is empty
    -   Is not empty
    To learn more, see the topic [Page Rules](/docs/Atomsphere/Flow/topics/flo-pages-conditions-rules_22f87872-e064-4d43-9fc7-ff85b6689332.md).

    \(FLOW-6087\)

-   Replaced the Flow Library link with the new Discover link under resources. The new link takes you to the Discover page and filters the results to Flow. \(FLOW-6387 \)

-   Added CSS improvements to the modal map element to prevent navigation bar overlapping. \(FLOW-6190\)

-   Added support for new column types in MySQL to resolve SQL Connector "Port" error. \(FLOW-6384\)

-   Added audit events for API Creation and Deletion events. \(FLOW-3498\)

-   Added more tests for page components and new home screen. \(FLOW-6289, FLOW-6301\)

-   Added signature page component. \(FLOW-6301\)

-   Added support for searching within the navigation drop-down menu. \(FLOW-6279\)

-   As of March 8th, MCR publish events now provide acknowledgement that a publish event succeeded. We've improved the error message to clarify that you need to update your MCR node. \(FLOW-6367\)

-   You can set an automatic logout based on minutes or hours that you define in the Tenant \> SSO page. This feature is available when using single sign-on. You can also set a warning message to notify you when you need to refresh authentication to avoid being signed out. \(FLOW-6205\)

-   You can now co-design a flow.

    -   Collaborate in real-time with other users on the same flow.

    -   Shared cursor view lets you know when and where other users are in a flow.

    -   Reduces overwriting errors and promotes collaboration within your teams.

    \(FLOW-4952\)


Fixes:

-   Resolved an issue preventing the Enter key from selecting options in combo boxes. \(FLOW-6319\)

-   Resolved an issue where users were displayed as a Public User when using the identity provider authentication feature. \(FLOW-6185\)

-   Resolved an issue with component names not working correctly when editing an existing component. \(FLOW-6375\)

-   Resolved an issue where an error was shown if columns were being bound. \(FLOW-6397\)

-   Added more tests for WAIT features. \(FLOW-6370\)

-   Resolved duplicate value warning being triggered incorrectly. \(FLOW-6369\)

-   Resolved an issue with adding navigation override to a map element while collaboration is enabled. \(FLOW-6335\)

-   Resolved an issue with the orgs screen showing not authorized. \(FLOW-6343\)

-   Resolved an issue where an offline message displayed incorrectly due to a failed API request. \(FLOW-6322\)

-   Resolved an issue where the Wait element did not respect limits. \(FLOW-6292\)


