# Connectivity 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-7dc13216-33d8-4ad1-8e08-426913c25812"/>
</head>


## Amazon S3 REST connector 

**We added this feature:**

-   Now supporting [IAM AWS Roles Anywhere Authentication](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rolesanywhere/latest/userguide/introduction.html). \(CON-6733\)


To learn more, see the topic [Amazon S3 REST connector](r-atm-Amazon_S3_REST_connector_bc37d2c7-9ea6-41b7-931b-9eb0c2a80640.md).

## Amazon SNS connector 

**We added this feature:**

-   Now supporting [IAM AWS Roles Anywhere Authentication](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rolesanywhere/latest/userguide/introduction.html). \(CON-6732\)


To learn more, see the topic [Amazon SNS connector](r-atm-Amazon_SNS_connector_f9dc71ca-95f6-4dc3-ac1f-8b78bc7ff8b0.md)

## Amazon SQS connector 

**We added this feature:**

-   Now supporting [IAM AWS Roles Anywhere Authentication](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rolesanywhere/latest/userguide/introduction.html). \(CON-6555\)


To learn more, see the topic [Amazon SQS connector](r-atm-Amazon_SQS_connector_a018e9b9-7d51-4f2b-9b6f-8ada84475f6c.md)

## Boomi aXis for SAP - Partner connector 

**We added this feature:**

-   A new `PROXY_SEND` operation utilizes SAP ABAP Proxies and timeout when the connection is slow or unresponsive. \(CON-8243\)


To learn more, see the topic [Boomi aXis for SAP connector](int-SAP_Axis_connector_d3188761-2073-49f6-81e3-a4062cec171e.md)

## Database V2 connector 

**We fixed these issues:**

-   Users can insert null on the nullable parameters using standard insert for NVARCHAR items without getting any errors. \(CONC-1884\)

-   Users can update null on the nullable parameters for NVARCHAR items without getting any errors.

    \(CONC-2473\)

-   The connector sends JSON parameters, including double quotes, in the right format to the database. \(CONC-1788\)

-   A dynamic null value update is considered valid on all the nullable parameters. \(CONC-1901\)

-   You can set Null type on the nullable columns through standard insert.

    This fix is not backward compatible and we recommend the use of null type for all the existing and new nullable inputs. \(CONC-2144\)

-   You can set Null type on the nullable columns through upsert.

    This fix is not backward compatible and we recommend the use of null type for all the existing and new nullable inputs. \(CONC-2467\)

-   The connector correctly formats the JSON format input parameter for the StoredProcedure action and gives correct format data output to the database. \(CONC-2278\)

-   For the stored procedure called from Database V2, the JSON object is successfully formatted for CLOB/VARCHAR type input parameter. \(CONC- 2393\)

-   The connector correctly handles special characters used in the values for the input parameter of a stored procedure and outputs the correct format data to the database. \(CONC-2610\)


To learn more, see the topic [Database V2 connector](int-Database_V2_connector_7b04dbdd-ef36-4a2f-b6ff-b038b3f60ff2.mdx)

## Hypatos.ai - Partner connector 

**We are releasing this new connector:**

-   The Hypatos.ai - Partner connector is now in General Availability \(GA\). It supports the integration between Boomi and Hypatos.ai - a deep learning automation hub for enterprise. \(CON-8144\)


To learn more, see the topic [Hypatos.ai - Partner connector](r-atm-Hypatos_Studio_connector_c021a3f1-066a-493c-b0db-535a0c40ce56.md)

## IFS REST - Partner connector 

**We added this feature:**

-   We introduced the **Function V2** action to replace the existing Function action scheduled for deprecation in December 2023. This enhancement supports responses containing arrays, seamless splitting of the response array, and return of separate documents for each element. Users are encouraged to adopt the Function V2 action promptly to address the profile and response mismatch issue that was present in the previous Function action. \(CON-8826\)


To learn more, see the topic [IFS REST – Partner connector](int-IFS_REST_Connector_e7e1c825-992f-42f8-a41d-f29f8b4992ea.md)

## OpenAPI \(Tech Preview\) connector 

**We added these features:**

-   Additional authentication methods:

    -   OAuth JWT Bearer Token \(CON-5787\)
    -   NTLM Authentication \(CON-7432\)
-   An API Key authentication mechanism with the ability to specify API key location \(Request Header, Query Parameter, Cookie\). \(CON-2374\)


**We fixed this issue:**

-   Composed schema recursion is now calculated as a group rather than an individual schema. \(CON-7419\)


To learn more, see the topic [OpenAPI (Tech Preview) connector](int-OpenAPI_connector_6766251b-b601-41f5-8c13-86d79faf52b9.md)

## Oracle Fusion connector

**We added this feature:**

-   In the connection configuration, Service Name and Custom SOAP WSDL Relative Path fields are mutually exclusive. Service Name dropdown is applicable and displayed only when Service Operation is **not** CUSTOM. Custom SOAP WSDL Relative Path is applicable and displayed only when the Service Operation is CUSTOM. \(CONC-2736\)


**We fixed these issues:**

-   The connection extension allows overriding of the Fusion endpoint URL without re-importing the profile. \(CONC-2647\)

-   There was an issue in the Oracle Fusion Connector Import Wizard where the **Custom SOAP WSDL URL** field threw an error when the absolute path URL was entered. This has been fixed by renaming the label as **Custom SOAP WSDL Relative URL**. Users must enter the relative path URL to successfully execute the Customer Service operation.

    For example, Instead of entering the absolute path URL: `https://fa-etan-dev8-saasfademo1.ds-fa.oraclepdemos.com/xmlpserver/services/PublicReportService?WSDL`, users are requested to enter the relative path URL: `xmlpserver/services/PublicReportService?WSDL` \(CONC-1530\)


To learn more, see the topic [Oracle Fusion connector](int-Oracle_fusion_connector_c8a70026-8fda-4e9a-8ea3-af5ea88fc1c8.md)

## SAP HANA Database connector 

**We fixed this issue:**

-   Dynamic insert of similar table names from different schemas is now successful and you can create a profile with the columns from the table specified in the URL without any duplicate column names. \(CONC-2890\)


To learn more, see the topic [SAP HANA Database connector](int-SAP_HANA_Database_connector_677cc0c5-2232-4dc2-bd8a-6f2e030f9898.mdx)

## Shopify connector

**We fixed this issue:**

-   We deleted the following deprecated fields from the Request/Response JSON schemas:

    -   total\_spent

    -   total\_price\_usd

    -   last\_order\_id

    -   last\_order\_name

    -   orders\_count

    -   total\_spent

    -   origin\_location

    -   destination\_location

    -   total\_price\_usd

    Users must re-import the schemas to get the deletion updates reflected in the latest 2023-07 version of the Order API. \(CONC-2526\)


To learn more, see the topic [Shopify connector](r-atm-Shopify_connector_0ef10e52-18e4-483a-9b59-c0d957f06faa.md)

## SuccessFactors - Partner connector 

**We fixed this issue:**

-   A null pointer exception \(NPE\) in the JVM8 Atom Server was fixed by adding a reason phrase in response. \(CON-8259\)

To learn more, see the topic [SuccessFactors – Partner connector](r-atm-SuccessFactors_Connector_93ec6fae-8624-466e-b309-728de281d56a.md)

## Twilio connector 

**We added this feature:**

-   We introduced a New Message API with Get, Query and Create operations in place of SMS Message API which is deprecated and no longer maintained or updated for the upcoming versions of the Twilio API. \(CONC-2364\)


**We fixed these issues:**

-   We changed the datatype for `VoiceCallerId` from string to boolean for TollFreeIncomingPhoneNumber, LocalIncomingPhoneNumber, and IncomingPhoneNumbers objects.

-   We removed the `DateUpdated` and `DateCreated` endpoints from the response data for the AuthorizedConnectApp object.

-   We removed the `ConnectAppSid` and `OwnerAccountSid` endpoints from the response data for the Account object.


\(CONC-2364\)

**Note:** The above fixes are due to breaking changes made by Twilio SDK. We recommend that you check and update integrations that rely on the aforementioned fields.

To learn more, see the topic [Twilio connector](r-atm-Twilio_Connector_56feaeb1-e6a0-46ee-9d96-53875e0a5589.md)