#  Flow

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-aec7347b-ef41-4e96-9464-903f69c3b5e4"/>
</head>


The following information identifies the new features and fixes in Flow


**Features:**

-   Updated and replaced the Connectors table with a new user interface. Replaced JavaScript in all the tables related to values with the new TypeScript code version. \(FLOW-6449\)
-   Updated and replaced the Identity Provider table with a new user interface. Replaced JavaScript in all the tables related to values with the new TypeScript code version. \(FLOW-6451\)
-   Updated and replaced the Dashboard table with a new user interface. Replaced JavaScript in all the tables related to values with the new TypeScript code version. \(FLOW-6453\)
-   Updated and replaced the Page Editor table with a new user interface. Replaced JavaScript in all the tables related to values with the new TypeScript code version. \(FLOW-6481\)
-   Updated and replaced the Types table with a new user interface. Replaced JavaScript in all the tables related to values with the new TypeScript code version. \(FLOW-6450\)
-   Updated and replaced the Components table with a new user interface. Replaced JavaScript in all the tables related to values with the new TypeScript code version. \(FLOW-6452\)
-   Added the ability to build and release multiple themes. \(FLOW-6502\)
-   Added a drag-to-reorder ability on the page configuration properties for data presentation.\(FLOW-5693\)
-   Added the ability to archive the system audit trails. \(FLOW-6080\)
-   Updated and replaced the Auditing table with a new user interface. Replaced Javascript in all the tables related to values with the new TypeScript code version. \(FLOW-6454\)
-   Improved the audit screen by displaying the deprecated user’s email, first name, and last name. \(FLOW-6510\)
-   Removed the event types that are not used to rightly maintain the audit table. \(FLOW-6542\)
-   Updated and replaced the Organization table with a new user interface. Replaced Javascript in all the tables related to values with the new TypeScript code version. \(FLOW-6455\)
-   Updated and replaced the Tenant Settings table with a new user interface. Replaced Javascript in all the tables related to values with the new TypeScript code version. \(FLOW-6456\)
-   Updated the page wait limit to only count the lambda executions. \(FLOW-6577\)

**Fixes:**

-   Resolved an issue with the property type selection not selecting correctly. \(FLOW-6543\)
-   Resolved an issue by correcting the environment deployment dates to change on promotion of a release. \(FLOW-6543\)
-   Resolved an issue causing empty service outputs message action crash. \(FLOW-6563\)
-   Resolved an issue where the page condition operation summary displays wrong information on configuration of both Component and Value. \(FLOW-6549\)
-   Resolved an issue that created an error message when a page was added and then removed from the flow. \(FLOW-6483\)
-   Resolved an issue that occurs when the assets crashes with two HTML backends. \(FLOW-6554\)
-   Resolved an issue by canceling the page wait when the flow moves in the legacy player. \(FLOW-6516\)
-   Resolved an issue causing disconnection of Collaboration for staying idle for 30 minutes. \(FLOW-6442\)
-   Resolved an issue displaying changes while selecting values on the Connector configuration screen. \(FLOW-6479\)
-   Resolved an issue by fixing the functioning of page condition rule and operation check on selecting a high number of page conditions. \(FLOW-6487\)
-   Resolved an issue that prevents displaying the Deploy button on a release with many flows. \(FLOW-6526\)
-   Resolved multiple issues with keyboard controls for the Flow canvas. \(FLOW-6261\)
-   Resolved an issue by adding a check to filter out the undefined map elements. \(FLOW-6513\)
-   Resolved an issue by saving the selected options on the data source filter. \(FLOW-6417\)