#  Flow

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-a437c800-f127-4815-9d54-81b7ff900c3d"/>
</head>






The following information identifies the new features and fixes in Platform releases 2023-02-13, 2023-02-15, 2023-02-22, 2023-02-23, 01-03-2023, 02-03-2023, 08-03-2023, CICD-874, and CICD-898.

## Auto arrange 

Feature:

-   You can use the Auto Arrange tool to automatically rearrange elements on the flow canvas.

    -   Rearrange the entire canvas, a selection of elements, or just the elements contained in a group.

    -   See a preview of the new layout, and choose whether to save the new canvas layout, or reject the changes and keep the original layout.

    To learn more, see the topic [Auto Arrange](/docs/Atomsphere/Flow/topics/flo-Auto-Arrange_b260faf8-a0e8-41ce-b7f8-fbd8e3f58e63.md).

    \(FLOW-5832\)


## Connectors 

Feature:

-   Added support for using MySQL INT types with the SQL connector. \(FLOW-6321\)

-   Added support for using the PDF connector with Multi-cloud runtimes. \(FLOW-6117\)


Fixes:

-   Fault outcome links are no longer included in the body of an email generated by the email connector. \(FLOW-5002\)

-   Requests to the OpenAPI connector no longer fail with a “Your request header section exceeds the maximum allowed size” error. \(FLOW-6240\)

-   Improvements and fixes are made to the SQL \(Legacy\) connector. \(FLOW-6130\)

-   The MySQL Install no longer fails because of System Views when using the SQL connector. \(FLOW-6276\)


## Export 

Feature:

-   When you export a flow, you can filter the list of flows by selecting an environment from the **Select an Environment** drop-down menu. \(FLOW-6226\)


## Flow canvas 

Feature:

-   You can delete multiple elements on the flow canvas. \(FLOW-6129\)


Fix:

-   If you cancel moving an outcome to another map element on the Confirm Move dialog, the outcome is correctly returned to its original position. \(FLOW-6125\)


## Multi-cloud runtime 
Feature:

-   When you publish a flow to a multi-cloud runtime, the publishing progress is shown, to indicate when the flow is successfully published to the local runtime. \(FLOW-3509, FLOW-6367\)


## Navigation 

Feature:

-   You can configure a navigation menu item to open a URL \(such as an external web page\) instead of navigating to a map element. When a flow user selects the menu item, the URL is opened in the browser.

    -   Select the “URL” option from the **Navigate To** drop-down menu.

    -   Select or create a string value with the **URL** that you want to open when the menu item is selected.

    -   Select whether to open the URL in the same or a new browser tab, from the **URL Target** drop-down menu.

    \(FLOW-5905\)


## Page builder 

Features:

-   A Payment Card component is added to the page builder.

    -   You can add a Payment Card component to a page to show a preformatted set of input fields that can accept payment card data, such as payment from a credit card or debit card.

    -   The data can be stored in the value properties of a new dedicated Payment Card system type.

    \(FLOW-5559\)

-   In preparation for a future feature, a **CSS Classes** field is added to the page component configuration panels in the page builder. This does not affect the current runtime. \(FLOW-6144\)

-   The component **Name** is shown on containers in the page builder. \(FLOW-6316\)


Fixes:

-   An empty configuration option item is no longer shown when editing a component. \(FLOW-6327\)

-   A “Setting a ContentObject to a list of objects is not supported” error no longer occurs if a flow user updates a list value used in a hidden table with a selected table value. \(FLOW-6233\)

-   Data presentation information is no longer incorrectly retained if you create a new list while highlighting an existing list in the page builder. \(FLOW-6250\)

-   Hyperlinks open in a new window as expected if you have set the Target property to “\_blank“ in a presentation or step component. \(FLOW-6192\)

-   Loading issues no longer occur when using custom components in subflows. \(FLOW-6268\).

-   The Chart option is no longer available in the Container Type drop-down options in the page builder. \(FLOW-6165\)

-   The filter condition no longer defaults to the first filter condition value when using multiple WHERE filter conditions to populate a table component with salesforce connector data. \(FLOW-6147\)

-   You can set the properties of a list value in a table component. \(FLOW-6050\)

-   An error is no longer shown when you try and view the metadata of an unconfigured component. \(FLOW-6309\)


## Players 

Feature:

-   A new default player offers an improved runtime experience for your flow users.

    -   The new default player is added to all tenants, as an alternative to the existing default player.

    -   The previous default player is renamed to “default legacy player”.

    -   You can continue to run flows using the default legacy player, and base custom players on it.

    \(FLOW-6311\)


## Single sign on

Features:

-   Added SAML SSO logout support for design time. \(FLOW-6209\)

-   Added support for session termination when the tab is closed while using the design time with SAML SSO \(FLOW-6207\)

-   Added support for automatic logout after *x* defined minutes/hours for SSO-enabled tenants. You can also enable a warning message so that you can refresh your authorization before you are signed out. These settings are in the **SSO** section on the **Tenants** page. \(FLOW-6205\)

-   Added support for idle activity sign out for SSO-enabled tenants. \(FLOW-6208\)


Fix:

-   A "Not Authorized" error no longer occurs when signing in to an SSO-enabled organization tenant. \(FLOW-6325\)


## Types 

Fix:

-   You can no longer create duplicate type names without an error being shown. \(FLOW-4315\)


## User interface 

Features:

-   Click **Platform and Status Announcements** in the footer to check the platform status. \(FLOW-6249\)

-   The Flow home page layout is improved, allowing you to quickly browse, open, and edit your flows. \(FLOW-5953\)


## Values 

Feature:

-   Leading and trailing whitespaces are removed from value names when you save the value. \(FLOW-6302\)


Fixes:

-   A "Not authenticated" error is no longer shown when you install an FSS connector in an environment-enabled tenant. \(FLOW-6304\)

-   An error is no longer shown incorrectly when you change a value to be encrypted and save. \(FLOW-6253\)

-   Validation rules are applied correctly to encrypted values at runtime. \(FLOW-6170\)

-   You no longer receive an error when reopening a page with a page wait that does not use a value. \(FLOW-6164\)


## Wait map elements 

Fix:

-   The wait map element can no longer be set to continuously reload. \(FLOW-6292\)


