# Connectivity 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-5c4de8cb-5358-4549-808d-51bc7189f919"/>
</head>





## Atom listener 

Feature:

-   The listener shutdown wait time is now configurable so that the listener shutdown will not be automatically forced after 10 seconds, the old default wait time. (CON-6667)

This feature is in the Runtime Release.


To learn more about this feature, see the topic [Implementing Singleton Listen Operations](https://developer.boomi.com/docs/Connectors/DevelopConnectors/Singleton_listen_operations).


## JMS connector

Feature:

-   The JMS connector has been updated to version 23.3.0. This version contains only internal changes needed for future development work. The end user functionality of this connector has not changed from the previous version. (RUN-4326)

## Kanverse IDP - Partner connector 

Feature:

-   New connector release to support the integration between Kanverse Intelligent Document Processing \(IDP\) and the Boomi Enterprise Platform. \(CON-7111\)

This connector is not in the Runtime Release.


To learn more about this connector, see the topic [Kanverse IDP - Partner connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/r-atm-Kanverse_IDP_connector_e031220e-a6f9-4dbd-8ecb-cb66748b8c0f.md).


## Low latency processes 

Feature:

-   The low latency process mode is now available in all accounts. It is no longer necessary to have a web services-enabled account. \(CON-1499\)

This feature is not in the Runtime Release. 


To learn more about this feature, see the topic [Low Latency Processes](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Process%20building/c-atm-Low_latency_processes_af9912ba-d4c8-4754-baeb-69bd9a41c48c.md).


## Microsoft Azure Data Lake Storage connector 

Feature:

-   This connector is no longer in Tech Preview. It is now in General Availability \(GA\). \(CON-7095\)

This feature is not in the Runtime Release. 


To learn more about this feature, see the topic [Microsoft Azure Data Lake Storage connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/int-ADLS_Gen2_connector_a80bb83d-3f78-425a-a6b3-2a99ecca8686.mdx).


## OData Client connector 

Features:

-   The new version \(23.03.1\) uses the updated `common-apache-http` version. \(CON-7035\)

This feature is not in the Runtime Release. 


-   The connector will now complile on Java 8. \(CON-7035\)

This feature is not in the Runtime Release. 




To learn more about these features, see the topic [OData Client connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/r-atm-OData_Client_connector_c5450d6b-2254-4714-979a-170350b14ef1.md).

## OpenAPI \(Tech Preview\) connector 
Features:

-   Enhanced browse functionality for rendering shared response components from OpenAPI schemas. \(CON-7043\)
-   Allows all outgoing requests to have the Accept Header set to use the content type defined in the response cookie. This will allow responses to be returned with the content type specified, if supported by the endpoint. \(CON-7091\)
-   Updated so that OpenAPI connections can use any context that extends `BrowseContext`. \(CON-6904\)
-   Supports the access of a local OpenAPI file specification. \(CON-1642\)
-   Supports a request that contains an array of objects. \(CON-5972\)
-   Enhanced logic to ensure that a split JSON response is returned only when a request is successful. \(CON-7096\)
-   Supports the loading of shared components for a request profile. \(CON-6959\)
-   Supports the import of schema objects if the selected schema's sub-value is a primitive/simple data type, such as string, integer, number, or boolean. \(CON-7042\)

To learn more about these features, see the topic [OpenAPI \(Tech Preview\) connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/int-OpenAPI_connector_6766251b-b601-41f5-8c13-86d79faf52b9.md).

## Oracle Database connector 

Fix:

-   Resolved an issue where the same record is returned multiple times ignoring other records in the result, when the stored procedure returns an array object. With this fix, accurate data is displayed when the table has an array collection without any value repetition. \(CONC-1456\)


## REST Client \(Tech Preview\) connector 

Features:

-   The connector now supports Apache's base NTLM authentication. \(CON-4970\)





-   The REST descriptor has been updated to add Connection Timeout and Read Timeout fields in the connection to set Read and Connect timeouts. \(CON-6813\)



-   The REST core libraries have been updated to set the Connect and Read timeouts configured in the REST descriptor. \(CON-6813\)




To learn more about these features, see the topic [REST Client \(Tech Preview\) connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/int-REST_Client_connector_686f3452-ce89-4a04-bf73-2dfd603ae3f7.md).

## Salesforce connector 

Feature:

-   The new version \(23.03.0\) has been updated to use a newer, more secure version of jackson \(2.13.4\). \(CON-7089\)

    To learn more about this feature, see the topic [Salesforce connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/r-atm-Salesforce_Connector_6ff3c702-e986-41a1-be5b-a00e76ded0a5.md).


## Salesforce Marketing Cloud connector

Feature:

-   This connector is no longer in Tech Preview. It is now in General Availability \(GA\). \(CON-7095\)

This feature is not in the Runtime Release. 

To learn more about this feature, see the topic [Salesforce Marketing Cloud connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/int-Salesforce_Marketing_Cloud_connector_3a95b76b-ed2e-4fb6-9890-06ac49ba1eee.mdx).


## SFTP V2 connector 

**Deferred:** Subsequent to the March 2023 , release of this feature was postponed and will be rescheduled.

Fix:

-   Resolved an issue where the connector was unable to connect to a SFTP end point after the modification of their cipher suite. With this fix, the JSCH library was updated to v0.1.58 for compatibility with the new cipher schemes. \(CONC-863\)


## Shopify connector 

Feature:

-   The Shopify Fulfillment API will be deprecated on March 31, 2023. The Shopify connector has been updated to use the Fulfillment Order API which supports newly added actions and operations such as HOLD, MOVE, RELEASE HOLD, RESCHEDULE, etc. \(CONC-1633\)


To learn more about this feature, see the [Boomiverse Community Knowledge Article](https://community.boomi.com/s/article/Shopify-Fulfillment-API-Deprecation) and the help topic [Shopify connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/r-atm-Shopify_connector_0ef10e52-18e4-483a-9b59-c0d957f06faa.md).


## Web Services Server connector 

Feature:

-  The Web Services Server (WSS) connector has been updated to version 23.03.1. This version contains only internal changes needed for future development work. The end user functionality of this connector has not changed from the previous version. (RUN-4326)


