# Apache Pulsar \(Tech Preview\) connection

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Integration"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-77920b53-de48-4693-943c-0feae0122c16"/>
</head>


The Apache Pulsar \(Tech Preview\) connection represents a single Pulsar broker instance with corresponding authentication credentials. If you have multiple pulsar broker instances, you need a separate connection for each.

## Connection tab

**Broker URL**: Provide the base connection URL for the Pulsar instance. Example: pulsar://172.31.0.30/127.0.0.1:6650

**Listener Polling Interval** \(ms\): Applicable for Listen operation only. Enter the time interval \(in milliseconds\) at which the connector's Listener can poll the Pulsar on a regular basis to retrieve the messages.

**Authentication Type**: The preferred authentication method to be used. The available options are:

    -   Basic — Requires only user ID and password credentials.
    -   OAuth2.0 — Requires all OAuth2.0 specific details like Client ID, Client Secret and also URL of the OAuth2.0 authentication provider used for obtaining the access token for the pulsar client app.
    -   No Auth — Select this authentication type if no authentication mechanism is to be used. Predominantly, no authentication is required while publishing or consuming on/from Pulsar broker topic.

**User ID**:  Displayed only if the Basic authentication type is selected. Provide the user name for the pulsar broker basic authentication.

**Password**: Displayed only if the Basic authentication type is selected. Click the **Click to Set** button to provide the password associated with the given user ID.

The below client credentials input fields will be available only if the OAuth2.0 authentication type is selected.

**Issuer URL**: Provide the URL of the OAuth2.0 authentication provider \(e.g.Auth0\) which allows the Pulsar client to obtain an access token. E.g. https://dev-m2eycluu.us.auth0.com/oauth/token

**Client ID**: Specify the unique ID of the pulsar client generated by the authentication provider, during the client app registration.

**Client Secret**: Click the **Encrypted** button to open the Password window, enter or paste your client secret associated with your client app login, and click Apply.

**Audience**: The OAuth 2.0 "resource server" identifier URL for the Pulsar. This API Audience value can be picked from the OAuth2.0 service provider page, at the time of client app registration.

The OAuth2.0 authentication specific details can be taken from the external OAuth2.0 service provider \(E.g. Auth0\). For details, refer to the topic [Configuring Apache Pulsar Client App for OAuth2.0 Authentication](int-Configuring_Pulsar_ClientApp_for_OAuth_authentication_18584100-f71a-4b19-b4de-614c5e7247c9.md).

## Test Connection troubleshooting

In the Apache Pulsar \(Tech Preview\) connector, you do not have the option to test the connection prior to the process execution. To test the connection, open the Linux Command Prompt and execute a command to ping to the Apache Pulsar instance. If the command is executed successfully, the connection to the Pulsar broker instance is up for usage. Given below is an example command for publishing the messages on to a pulsar topic.

``` shell
bin/pulsar-client produce my-topic --messages "hello-pulsar"
```