# Disk v2 connector 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Integration"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-d88d0ca9-b27e-44bd-ac32-dc1233e68123"/>
</head>


Use the Disk v2 connector to read and write from the underlying file system of the host machine where the Atom is running.

The Disk v2 connector gets files from or sends files to directories on the disk to which the Atom has access. The Disk v2 connector can use a local path, Windows UNC path, or an NFS share on Unix.

## Benefits

There are many benefits to using the Disk v2 connector in a process over the legacy Disk connector, including the following:

-   List contents of a directory and view the files brought into a process.
-   Search for files based on specified filter criteria.
-   In addition to retrieving file name and directory, retrieve additional information such as the date created, modified date, and file size.
-   Listen for and retrieve files from a given directory on the disk in the underlying file system.

## Connector configuration 

To configure a connector to read and write to the underlying file system, set up two components:

-   Disk v2 connection
-   Disk v2 operation

This design provides reusable components, which contain connection settings and operation settings. After building your connection and operation, set up a connector within a process. When you have properly configured your connector within your process, the Boomi Enterprise Platform can map to and from virtually any system using the Disk v2 connector to retrieve files from or send files to disk.

## Prerequisites 

The Disk v2 connector requires the following:

-   An Atom that is a process running as a particular user on the operating system. That user must have permissions on the file system to perform reads or writes.
-   A networked connection to data locations for shared resources.
-   A peer-to-peer or VPN configuration to access private networks.

## Limitations 

The following known limitation affects this connector:

-   The Disk v2 connector cannot be used in a Start step if you want to set the Directory parameters dynamically. For this use case, it is recommended you use the legacy Disk connector.


## Tracked properties 

This connector has the following tracked properties that you can set or reference in various step parameters:

**File Name** - 
The inbound/outbound file name of the document.

**Directory** - 
The inbound directory of the document. Use this property when opting to override the connection directory.

**Created Date** - 
Date and time at which the file was created. Depending on the file system, this date may not be tracked. If available, displays in ISO-8601 format. Otherwise, may display the system default date.

**Modified Date** - 
Date and time at which the file was modified. Depending on the file system, this date may not be tracked. If available, displays in ISO-8601 format. Otherwise, may display the system default date.

**File Size** - 
The file size in bytes.

**Event Kind** - 
\(Listen\) Indicates the kind of watch event:

-   ENTRY\_CREATE — A file/directory within the listen directory is created.
-   ENTRY\_DELETE — A file/directory within the listen directory is deleted.
-   ENTRY\_MODIFY — A file/directory within the listen directory is modified.
-   OVERFLOW — The service received more events than the amount it can handle. The events are not reported.

**Event Source Type** - 
\(Listen\) Indicates the source for the event change:

-   FILE — A watch event is generated by a change in a file.
-   DIRECTORY — A watch event is generated by a change in a directory.
-   UNKNOWN — The source cannot be determined. Indicates it was not possible to determine if it is a file or directory.
-   INITIAL — A watch event is generated by the retrieval of any initial files.
-   OVERFLOW — An overflow event is generated by the retrieval of any initial files.

**Event Count** - 
\(Listen\) Indicates the number of times the event is observed, allowing for efficient representation of repeated events.

-   If the event count is greater than 1, it is a repeating event.
-   When multiple events of the same **Event Source Type** are triggered, the connector receives only the last one.