# Boomi Master Data Hub Listener connector

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Integration"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-3a30d199-8905-492a-9229-919352404655"/>
</head>



The Boomi Master Data Hub Listener connector is a listen-only connector used only in Integration Hub listener processes.

Hub listener processes perform data validation and enrichment on incoming batches of source entities contributed to a master data domain hosted on a Boomi DataHub repository Atom. A process data quality step in a Boomi DataHub domain model specifies a Hub listener process deployed to the Boomi Hub Cloud that hosts the repository that deploys the model. The specified process must end with a **Return Documents** step. When applying the data quality step while processing a batch in Boomi DataHub, it runs if it deploys the process.


:::note

This connector is available only in accounts where you enable Boomi DataHub. Contact your Boomi representative to enable Boomi DataHub in your account.

:::


:::note

 Deploying a Hub Listener connector does not affect your license count. You can deploy this connector an unlimited number of times across different Atoms and environments.

:::

## Connector configuration 

Because this is a listen-only connector, there is no connection component. The MDM Listener Operation component must be set up to communicate with the Boomi DataHub repository.



## Tracked properties

There are no tracked properties for this connector.

## Additional resources 

[Integration MDM listener process building](../../Master%20Data%20Hub/Modeling/c-mdm-Boom_Integration_MDM_listener_process_building_38908403-ec76-4bb7-8352-553d9f0eac19.md)

[Integration MDM listener process deployment](../../Master%20Data%20Hub/Modeling/c-mdm-Boomi_Integration_MDM_listener_process_deployment_fc5396e1-100e-48e7-91d1-1f940c4e437f.md)