import TrackedProperties from './_TrackedProperties.md'
import PartnerSupport from './_PartnerSupport.md'

# SuccessFactors – Partner connector 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Integration"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-f0c6a3ed-76f7-4f30-b29f-434ee68330ae"/>
</head>

<PartnerSupport />

The SuccessFactors – Partner connector extends the SuccessFactors BizX SFAPI to the Boomi Enterprise Platform and provides a user-friendly interface for creating and managing SFAPI connections and operations.

The SFAPI is an entity/object based web services (SOAP) interface that provides typical Create, Read, Update and Delete operations for specified BizX object types and forms. There are three kinds of SFAPI object types:

-   **Form-Based Object Types** — Objects that reference custom BizX Form objects. These objects have a suffix in the form of `<object type>$<form ID>`. The Form ID is a unique identifier for the Form object that can vary from Company ID to Company ID.

-   **Standard Object Types** — Basic objects that do not have the Form ID suffix. The objects names are consistent between Company IDs.

-   **ADHsOC Object Type** — Objects that extend Ad Hoc Reports to the SFAPI. They support only a Read operation known as **Asynchronous Query**. There are two types of ADHOC object types:

    -   Object types that create new reports when queried. These object types provide access to all the fields of the Ad Hoc Report. These object types are all prefixed with `ADHOC_`.

    -   Object types that represent saved reports created in the SuccessFactors Ad Hoc Report Builder user interface. These object types expose only a subset of the fields defined in the corresponding ADHOC\\\_ report object type. These object types are named `AdhocReport_<reportID>`.


:::info

The documentation for this connector is provided by a Boomi partner. The documentation was last updated in May 2013.

:::

:::note  

The following terminology is important:

-  Object Type is synonymous with entity. Boomi uses the term "object" while the SuccessFactors SFAPI materials refer to "entities."

-  Company ID is synonymous with tenant or cloud instance. The Company ID represents a specific instance in a specific data center.

:::  

Asynchronous query operations run "asynchronously": the query is executed in the BizX cloud and the cloud is polled periodically using a "get job status" operation, waiting for the report to be queued and completed. When complete, the results are fetched by the SuccessFactors – Partner connector.

Asynchronous queries are very useful because they provide the ability to join multiple related object types. Synchronous queries allow return records only from a single object type. For example, an asynchronous query from an ADHOC object type can return employee data that includes personal information, job history and postal address information related to each employee.

The steps that occur when running an asynchronous query are:

1.  The report is created from a query and saved as an Ad Hoc Report \(ADHOC\\\_ object types only\).

2.  A report job is submitted to the scheduler for execution \(both ADHOC\\\_ and AdhocReport\\\_ saved reports\).

3.  The connector periodically executes a "get job status" operation waiting for the report to complete execution.

4.  The report definition is deleted from the Ad Hoc Saved Reports \(ADHOC\\\_ object types only\).

5.  The results are downloaded from the SuccessFactors Cloud to the connector.

    :::note  

     Although the Ad Hoc SFAPI returns CSV files in either zipped or non-compressed text formats, the SuccessFactors – Partner connector converts these results to XML, matching the XML profile generated by the connector when an ADHOC object type is imported into the connector.

    :::  

Report execution results are stored in the SuccessFactors cloud for 30 days. You can log into SuccessFactors and download any report execution from the Saved Reports page. To find the name of the report that is executed, open the Boomi execution log and scroll down to where the report name is logged. Both the report name (prefixed with SFAPI) and the Task/Job ID appears in the Boomi log file.

## Connector configuration 

To configure a connector to communicate with SuccessFactors, set up three components:

- [SuccessFactors – Partner connection](../Connectors/r-atm-SuccessFactors_Connection_5f93c6e2-d572-4b7b-8fd7-a7c2a17f207e.md)

- [SuccessFactors – Partner operation (inbound action)](../Connectors/r-atm-SuccessFactors_Operations_Inbound_Action_bda511de-3214-417e-831f-c044e30ddb3a.md)

- [SuccessFactors – Partner operation (outbound action)](../Connectors/r-atm-SuccessFactors_Operations_Outbound_Actions_1daf78ed-bc9e-4d70-8921-6b2074fe81ca.md)


This design provides reusable components, which contain connection settings \(such as Endpoint, Company ID, User name, Password\) and operation settings \(such as Object, Action, data definitions\). After building your connection and operation, set up your connector within a process. When you have properly defined the SuccessFactors – Partner connector within your process, Integration can map to and from virtually any system using the connector to retrieve data from or send data to SuccessFactors.

## Tracked properties

This connector has no predefined tracked properties. See the topic [Adding tracked fields to a connector operation](../Process%20building/t-atm-Adding_tracked_fields_to_a_connector_operation_f71821dd-95ee-4ebd-bfc9-3333262f56f6.md) to learn how to add a custom tracked field.

