# MQTT (Retired) connector 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Integration"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-dadf5638-59f4-4df2-be60-a4be4420d84e"/>
</head>

Use the MQTT (Retired) connector to integrate data to and from MQTT brokers, which manage data from devices and sensors with data from other sources accessible through the Boomi connectors.

:::warning

This connector has been retired and is no longer available for production use. You should migrate to the [MQTT connector](../../Integration/Connectors/int-MQTT_connector.md) for continued support and innovation.

For more information about the Retired stage, see the [Feature release stages page](../../Platform/atm-Feature_release_stages_00d83b66-e5db-4038-8398-fcaead4be12d.md).

:::

## Connector configuration 

MQTT is a publish/subscribe messaging protocol designed for lightweight machine-to-machine \(M2M\) communications that is a commonly-used connectivity protocol for Internet of Things \(IoT\) scenarios. This connector supports both publishing \(Send\) and subscribing to \(Listen\) an MQTT broker \(or server\).

To configure a connector to use MQTT, set up two components:

-   MQTT (Retired) connection — used to set authentication methods, certifications, and communication options.

-   MQTT (Retired) operation — used to send data to brokers, or listen for data from brokers that is incoming from other clients.


## Supported editions 

The MQTT (Retired) connector supports versions MQTT 3.1 and 3.1.1.

## Prerequisites 

The MQTT (Retired) connector requires Java 8.

## Limitations 

This connector only works with Atoms, and not with Molecules or Atom Clouds.

## Tracked properties 

There are no tracked properties for this connector.