import OperationEnd from './_operationEnd.md'

# SuccessFactors – Partner operation 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Integration"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-16476adb-bc1e-4be8-b777-e18d097ce931"/>
</head>


The SuccessFactors – Partner operation defines the action to perform and the object type on which the action is performed in the data center instance.

The SuccessFactors – Partner operation supports the following actions:

-   Inbound

    -   **Query** — Read a set of objects optionally sorted and limited to those records that meet a specified search criteria \(filter\).

-   Outbound

    -   **Create** — Insert a new record. This action returns the new ID of the inserted object.

    -   **Delete** — Remove the record. The ID specifies the record to delete. Very few SuccessFactors object types support the Delete action. Most perform soft deletes that update the record with a status flag of "Inactive".

    -   **Update** — Update the specified field values of an existing record. The ID specifies the record to update.

    -   **Upsert** — Write a record specified by a unique external ID. If a record with that external ID exists, the record is updated. Otherwise a new record is created.


For some object types, an internal ID is returned as generated by the system.

For more information about each action, see the linked SuccessFactors – Partner operation’s inbound and outbound actions topics.

:::note

Specify a small set of tracked fields on the Tracking tab for ID, external ID and/or other record identifiers such as last name, email, etc. This makes it easier to identify documents when analyzing process executions. Tracked fields must be defined for the account on the Setup page before they are available on the operation’s Tracking tab.

:::

## Options tab 

Click **Import Operation**, then use the Import wizard to select the object with which you want to integrate. For more information, see the linked Importing with the SuccessFactors Import Wizard topic.

Existing SuccessFactors operations have the object type and the action defined as specified during the import process. These fields cannot be changed. To define a new action or operation or to generate an operation for a different object type, rerun the Import Wizard.

The following table describes the default field definitions for each action type:


  

**Connector Action** - 
  Indicates whether the operation uses a Query, Create, Delete, Update, or Upsert action. If you change the action, you need to rerun the Import Wizard and the existing settings are deleted.

**Batch Size** - \(Create, Delete, Update, Upsert only\)  
 Overrides the Default Batch Size specified in the SuccessFactors connection. If you override this value, you cannot control it from a process extension.

**Generate Mandatory Field Metadata** - \(Create, Delete, Update, Upsert only\)  
 In the XML profile all elements have the Min Occurs and Min Length fields \(on the Data Elements tab\) set to "1" for Write actions. You can set it here to clear or set all fields of an object type and then use it in conjunction with the Respect Min Occurs check box \(on the Options tab\) on the XML profile.

**Query Page Size** - \(Query only\)  
  Overrides the Default Query Page Size specified in the SuccessFactors – Partner connection. If you override this value, you cannot control it from a process extension.

**Timeout Time** - \(Query only\)  
 \(Available only for *asynchronous* queries.\) Overrides the Default Timeout Time specified in the SuccessFactors – Partner connection. If you override this value, you cannot control it from a process extension.

**Sleep/Wait Time** - \(Query only\)  
 \(Available only for *asynchronous* queries.\) Overrides the Default Sleep/Wait Time specified in the SuccessFactors – Partner connection. If you override this value, you cannot control it from a process extension.

**Starting Row** - \(Query only\)  
  \(Available only for *synchronous* queries.\) Indicates to skip the first number of records specified. For example, a value of 10 skips the first 9 records. A value of 1 \(default\) returns all records.

**Max Rows** - \(Query only\)  
  Specifies the maximum number of records to return. A value of -1 indicates returning all records.

Boomi Integration allows you to query a maximum of 100 documents when you are in test mode. Change this value to 100 to execute a test without error. \(If you do this, don't forget to change it back to -1 before deploying the process.\)

 For simple processes, configure the connector in the Start step, which automatically prompts you to override a large number of returned records and rerun with only 10 documents.

 For unit testing, disconnect the connector and attach a Message step that contains a test document. This allows your process to run in test mode much faster, especially when executing longer running asynchronous queries.

 You can simulate multiple documents by adding after the Message step a Data Process step with Split Documents turned on. Configure the Split Documents processing to split by line with no message header.

**Keep Report Definition** - \(Query only\)  
  \(Available only for asynchronous queries.\) Selecting this option leaves the report definition in the Ad Hoc Saved Reports. This option works only when directly running queries against report sub-domain schemas \(object types with a prefix of `ADHOC_`\). Note that this option has no effect when running asynchronous queries on "saved reports" \(object types with a prefix of `AdhocReport_`\).

 Saving an Ad Hoc Report is useful if you like to rerun a report directly from the Ad Hoc Report Builder user interface in the SuccessFactors product.

**Results Format** - \(Query only\)  
 \(Available only for asynchronous queries.\) Specifies the format of the document returned from the asynchronous query operation:

  -   XML — Returns the results as multiple documents in XML format.

 -   Split CSV Documents — Returns the results as multiple documents in CSV format. Each document has a header. The header names match the element names of the XML format.

 -   Single CSV Document — Returns the results as a single document. The headers match the field labels.

 -   Compressed \(Zip\) — Same as Single CSV Document, but the document is in Zip format.


**Filter Entities by Module** - 
 You can select: All, Employee Central, Goal Management, Performance Management, Platform, or Recruiting. For existing operations this field has no effect and reflects only the value, if any, used during import. See the To Use the SuccessFactors Import Wizard topic for more information.

**Filter Entities by Name** - 
  For existing operations this field has no effect. It shows the value, if any, used during import. See the To Use the SuccessFactors Import Wizard topic for more information.

**Object ID Process Property** - 
 \(Optional\) Used to specify the name of the process property that contains the object type. This overrides the object type ID extracted during import. This is generally used for Form object types to allow the object type ID to be specified dynamically as an environment extension.

 Always use this field for Form object types. The integer component of a Form object type ID \(for example, "PMForm$22"\) can vary from instance to instance.

**SFAPI Parameters** - \(Create, Delete, Update, Upsert only\)  
 Used to specify a comma delimited list of name/value pairs that specify extra parameters available to specific BizX object types. For example, in a User object type Create action, this field could contain `managerTransfer:true, routeInboxDoc:false` specified as SFAPI parameters to set the `managerTransfer` parameter to "true" and `routeInboxDoc` parameter to "false". For more information, refer to the SFAPI Entity Type Guide.

 <OperationEnd />