# SAP connector 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Integration"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-38961e54-df4a-4dcb-940d-fcd5b5b6f1de"/>
</head>

:::info Important

This version 1 (V1) connector is no longer actively maintained. Only critical fixes will be implemented. We encourage you to migrate to the updated V2 connector for continued support and innovation.

:::

The SAP connector \(classified as an Enterprise connector\) enables you to connect to your SAP NetWeaver-based application and get or send data using BAPIs, Remote Function Modules \(RFMs\) and asynchronously using IDocs.

You can browse the list of available BAPI/RFMs and IDocs available in your SAP system and automatically generate the request and response profiles to use in Integration processes and maps.

The SAP connector supports the following connectivity to SAP systems using the SAP Java Connector library:

-   Discovery of BAPIs using the Business Object Repository by specifying a specific business object, or a wildcard containing a partial object name.
-   Query of a specific BAPI/RFM enabled function module by specifying the BAPI or Remote Function Module name.
-   Sending IDocs to, and receiving IDocs from SAP by specifying the IDoc, including building the segment profile.
-   Importing IDocs with extensions and having the extra fields appear in profiles.

:::info Important

Do not deploy the SAP connector on the Atom Cloud. To enable the connector on a private Atom Cloud, change its security policy to Low.

:::

## Connector configuration 

To configure a connector to communicate with SAP, set up two components:

-   SAP connection
-   SAP operation

This design provides reusable components containing connection settings such as user name, password, and SAP-specific settings including IDoc TID support. After building your connection and connector operation, set up your connector within a process. When the SAP connector is defined properly within your process, Integration can map to and from virtually any system using the connector to retrieve data from or send data to SAP.

## Additional Atom configuration 

The SAP connector requires external libraries to be loaded into the Atom.

1.  Download the SAP Java Connector files from the SAP Support Portal \([https://support.sap.com/en/product/connectors/jco.html](https://support.sap.com/en/product/connectors/jco.html)\).

    :::note
    
    Download the SAP JCo ZIP file associated with your OS/Hardware combination which is applicable to your Atom. Refer to your SAP documentation or contact your SAP administrator to gain access to the SAP Support Portal with a valid S-user ID with the appropriate authorization to download the ZIP file.

    :::

2.  Copy the files into the Atom installation.
    1.  Extract the downloaded SAP Java Connector ZIP file.
    2.  Copy or move the following files into the `../<installation_directory>/userlib/sapjco` directory. If this directory does not exist, you must create it.
        -   Windows: `sapjco3.dll, sapjco3.jar`

        -   Linux: `libsapjco3.so, sapjco3.jar`

        -   IDoc: `sapidoc3.jar`

    3.  Restart the Atom.

## Additional SAP and database setup to receive IDocs

:::note 

Your SAP Administrator/BASIS professional should complete these steps.

:::

1.  Use SAP and do the following:

    -   Set up the Logical System, Distribution Model, and Generate Partner Profiles.

    -   Configure the Gateway and create a Port.

2.  Set up a new database to support the IDoc Listener.


The SAP connector requires a database to track the TIDs that the connector receives and processes. To enable TID management, make sure the Atom can access a database that provides a JDBC driver. Copy the JAR file into the newly created sub-directory unless it exists in the `../<installation_directory>/userlib/sapjco` directory.

The SAP connector automatically creates the tables in the TID database \(if they do not already exist\) during the first interaction with IDocs. For reference purposes, additional details about the TID database is provided.

:::info Important

The TID database size grows over time and you are responsible for managing it, including purging the database when necessary. Only delete those records with a status of Confirmed \(onConfirmTid\). See the [Transactional RFC Server Programs](https://help.sap.com/saphelp_nwce711/helpdata/en/48/c7b864da5e31ebe10000000a42189b/frameset.htm) article from the SAP documentation for more information.

:::

**Table Name** - 
  **TID_MGMT**

**Columns** - 
 TID varchar (255)

 PROG_ID varchar (255)

 STATUS varchar (255)

**Primary Key** - 
 TID, PROG_ID

**STATUS Values** - 
  CHECKED — initial receipt of IDoc message.

 CONFIRMED — all RFC functions have successfully been completed.

 COMMITTED — all RFC functions have successfully been handled by the SAP connector.

## IDoc Listener on a Molecule 

An SAP listener process is deployed to and runs on every node in a Molecule, and each node server name is identified by a generated unique ID \(UUID\). All nodes in the Molecule that are connected to the SAP server using the SAP connector listen for an IDoc. The SAP server distributes IDocs to nodes in the Molecule based on how you have configured your SAP server instance. If a node fails and becomes offline, the SAP server automatically sends the IDoc to another available node in the Molecule for processing.

Additionally, when receiving IDocs from the SAP server, the connector creates two connections for each Molecule node and Program ID. If you have, for example, a Molecule containing three nodes, you should expect to see six connections established with the back-end SAP Gateway Service.

## Supported SAP editions 

The following editions are supported:

-   All SAP Business Suite solutions which are accessible using SAP Java Connector 3.0.x
-   SAP R/3 4.0, 4.5, 4.6, 4.7
-   SAP Solutions based on SAP Netweaver Application Server 6.10, 6.20, 6.30, 2004, 7.0, 7.51
-   SAP S/4HANA On-Premise

## Prerequisites 

The following prerequisites are necessary to implement a connection to your SAP account from Integration:

-   Set the appropriate Java environment variables on your system, such as JAVA\_HOME, CLASSPATH.
-   Obtain the following SAP Java Connector library files:
    -   SAP Java Connector Release 3.0.x
    -   SAP Java IDoc Class Library Release 3.0.x
-   Deploy the Atom to a server which has access to the SAP system for the ports used by SAP for communication \(i.e., the same LAN or access using SAProuter\) to ports required to support RFC/BAPI and IDocs.
-   Set up an Atom to reside in the same network as the SAP system \(Boomi recommended\).
-   Verify that the SAP endpoints such as RFC, BAPI, or IDoc exist in SAP.
-   Configure Integration with an SAP user name with sufficient permissions to perform the tasks necessary for the integration \(such as being able to invoke RFCs and BAPIs, manipulate specific business objects, etc.\).

## Tracked properties 

This connector has the following tracked properties that can be set or referenced in various step parameters.



**IDoc Number** - 
  A unique 20-digit number SAP assigns the IDoc.

**IDoc Type** - 
  Indicates the type \(specific format and structure\) of the IDoc.

**IDoc Type ext** - 
 Extensions \(customization\) added to an existing IDoc Type to meet additional data and business needs.

**Message Code** - 
 An optional part of the logical message definition, specified by the user, and used to identify the business process.

**Message Type** - 
 The category or type of document transmitted. Message Type is a mandatory part of the logical message definition and used to identify the business process.