import OperationEnd from './_operationEnd.md'


# Anaplan operation 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Integration"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-84d72581-92b7-4237-9176-56b0dd192958"/>
</head>


The Anaplan operation defines how to interact with your Anaplan account and represents a specific action to perform against a specific Anaplan object.

Create a separate operation component for each action and object combination that your integration requires.

The Anaplan operations use JSON format and support the following actions:

-   Import — bring data into Anaplan.

-   Export — export data into a file.

-   Upload — upload a file to Anaplan \(as a single chunk or as several chunks\) so you can later import the file and bring it into Anaplan.

-   Download — download a file that was previously uploaded to Anaplan, or download a file after performing an export.

-   Process — process several actions to run in a particular order. A process can contain any combination of import, export, and delete actions.

-   Retrieve Dump File — retrieves errors during either an Import action or a Processaction containing an import.

-   Delete — remove and delete obsolete data.

-   List — list models, imports, exports, and files.


Many of these actions require you to first complete steps in Anaplan. For more information, see the action sections.

**Browsing and dynamic object types** - 

When browsing for the Import, Export, Download, Delete, and Process actions, the connector lists all of the object types that are appropriate for the selected action. For example, when browsing Import, the connector lists all of the imports that are available to bring data into your Anaplan model as object types. For these actions, one additional option named **Dynamic** is available. Select this option to indicate that you want to dynamically provide the object type \(for example, Import or Imports\) as a document property without having to define a separate action \(for example, Import\). 

For example, if you have 50 CSV files to import, you can choose the **Dynamic** option to avoid having to set up 50 Import actions. You can use the **Set Properties** step to define the document properties \(it requires the Model Id and Import Id\). When you run the dynamic import process, the connector obtains the properties and imports all 50 files into Anaplan. You cannot set the Model ID dynamically if you don’t choose **Dynamic** in the Anaplan Operation. 

**Browsing and models** - 

When using the Anaplan API v2.0 URL in the connection and browsing operation, the connector provides a **Model ID** field where you dynamically provide \(enter or copy and paste\) the model ID specified in your Anaplan account. By giving the model ID when browsing, the connector helps secure your Anaplan account, so you only see the model information \(imports, exports, and so on.\) in your tenant. You do not see all models for all tenants.

## **Options** tab 

Click **Import Operation**, then use the Import wizard to select the object to integrate. When you configure an action, the following fields appear on the **Options** tab:

:::note

The **Request Profile** field is only applicable to the **Retrieve Dump File** action. The Upload action uses a CSV file as input to the request. Ensure that the CSV file has the correct format that Anaplan expects.

:::



**Object** - 
Displays the object type that you selected in the **Import Operation** wizard.

**Tracking Direction** - 

Select the document tracking direction for the operation, either **Input Documents** or **Output Documents**. This setting enables you to choose which document appears in **Process Reporting. Start** steps always track output documents regardless of your selection.

:::note

If the tracking direction is read-only, the feature to change the direction is either unavailable or the developer set the configuration to read-only. The default value you see shows you which document appears in **Process Reporting**.

:::

**Request Profile**   
Select or add a JSON profile component that represents the structure sent by the connector.

**Response Profile**   
Select or add a JSON profile component that represents the structure received by the connector.

**Return Application Error Responses**   
This setting controls whether an application error prevents an operation from completing:

- If you clear the setting, the process stops and reports the error on the **Process Reporting** page.
- If you select the setting, processing continues and passes the error response to the next component processed as the connection output.


**Operation timeout \(Import, Export, Process, Delete\)** - 
Controls how long the process waits for the operation to complete before the connector stops tracking the status of the operation. The default is 10 seconds. When the time-out is reached, the connector returns the last task status that Anaplan provides.

**Locale \(Import, Export, Process, Delete\)** - 
Enter the locale for which the intended information is in the file. For example, in some places, you may want the decimal separator to be a comma instead of a period.

The default locale is en\_US \(English, United States\), but you can enter any country that supports Java.

**Chunk Size \(Upload\)** - 
When uploading a file in several chunks, specify the size in megabytes. For example, Anaplan expects the chunk to be between 1 and 50 MB. The default value is 1 MB.

## Import 

:::note

To import a file using this action, you must first use Anaplan to run an import. You can then use the connector to import the file.

:::

The Import action brings data into Anaplan. For example, you can import a file that you uploaded. When successful, Anaplan imports the data, and the operation produces a JSON document containing the last task status retrieved from the Anaplan API service endpoint. It returns theModel ID and Import ID as document properties.

If there is an error during the Import action, the Anaplan API service endpoint creates a dump file. Use the Retrieve Dump File action to help troubleshoot and examine the file.

## Export 

:::note

To export data into a file using this action, you must first use Anaplan to create an export definition. You can then use the connector to export the data.

:::

The Export action allows you to export data into a file. When successful, the action returns a JSON document containing the task status with the last status retrieved from the service endpoint. It returns the Model ID and Export ID as document properties.

After using this action, the file exists in Anaplan. You can then use Download to transfer the file from Anaplan.

## Upload 

:::note

To upload a file, it must already exist in Anaplan. If you did not previously upload the file to Anaplan, you can use the web-based application to complete this step. You can then use the connector to complete subsequent uploads.

:::

The Upload action uploads a file to Anaplan so you can later import the file and bring it into the application. When browsing, the connector lists all of the files available in the workspace to upload. Select the file, then determine and set your chunk size on the **Options** tab.

-   The minimum Chunk Size is 1 MB \(the default\) and the maximum is 50 MB.
-   If the file size to upload is greater than the specified Chunk Size, the file is considered a chunked upload. The file is separated into a sequence of parts and uploaded.
-   If you set the Chunk Size to 50 MB and the file size to upload is smaller than that value but larger than 1 MB, the file is considered a chunked upload.
-   If you set the Chunk Size to larger than the maximum allowed \(50 MB\), the connector automatically sets the size to 50 MB.
-   If the Chunk Size is larger than the uploaded file, it uploads as a single file.
-   If you leave the Chunk Size blank, it uploads as a single file.
-   If a chunked upload encounters an error while uploading a specific file, the connector attempts to upload the file up to three times. If it still does not work, the connector returns an error.

When successful, the file uploads to Anaplan and the connector informs you of the successful upload. It does not produce an output document, and does not return additional data or metadata.

## Download 

:::note

To download a file using this action, the file must already exist in Anaplan. You can use the connector's Upload and Export actions to complete this step.

:::

The Download action downloads an existing file from Anaplan previously uploaded using the connector's Upload action or downloads a file generated using the connector's Export action. When successful, the connector downloads the file from Anaplan, and the file's content appears in the operation's output document.

## Process 

The Process action allows several actions to run in a particular order and can contain any combination of Import, Export, and Delete actions. When successful, the actions run in the order specified, and the operation returns a JSON document containing the task status with the last one retrieved from the service endpoint. It returns the Model ID, Process ID, and Task ID as document properties.

If there is an error during the Process action containing an import, the Anaplan API service endpoint creates a dump file. Use the Retrieve Dump File action to help troubleshoot and examine the dump file.

## Retrieve Dump File 

The Retrieve Dump File action retrieves a dump file that the Anaplan API service endpoint creates during an Import action, or during a Process action containing an import. For example, if Anaplan cannot import the data, it creates a dump file. To help you troubleshoot, examine the dump file that contains details of the failures \(a copy of each row that failed and a message about the failure\). Use the information in the dump file to fix the issues and then try the import again.

To retrieve the dump file for a process containing an import, the Request profile includes the Model ID, Object ID, Process ID, and Task ID. To retrieve the dump file for an import, the Request profile includes the Import ID, Model ID, and Task ID.

## Delete 

:::note

To delete data using this action, you must first use Anaplan to create an appropriate Delete from the list Using Selection action in your model. You can then use the connector to perform the deletion.

:::

The Delete action removes and deletes obsolete data. When successful, the action deletes the object selected when browsing and returns a JSON document containing the task status with the last status retrieved from the service endpoint. It returns the Model ID, Delete ID, and Task ID as document properties.

## List 

The List action lists models, imports, exports, or files. When successful, the connector produces one JSON document for each import, export, or file in the selected Anaplan model. It returns the Model ID as a document property. However, if you select **Model** when browsing, it does not produce an output document property.

<OperationEnd />