# Boomi Master Data Hub (legacy) connection 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Integration"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-59884963-78d7-451d-b175-8750b88379f7"/>
</head>


The Boomi Master Data Hub (legacy) connection represents a single repository, including sign-in credentials.

:::info

This connector is available only for existing integrations. For new integrations, use the [Boomi DataHub connector](docs/Atomsphere/Integration/Connectors/int-Boomi_Data_Hub_connector.md), which offers more operations and an improved experience.

:::

If you have multiple repositories, use a separate connection for each. You can pair a single connection with different operations to perform a unique action against master data hosted by the repository.

## Connection tab 

**URL** - 
 The URL of the Hub Cloud that hosts the repository. The Boomi Hub Clouds that hosts user repositories. Boomi maintains regional Hub Clouds worldwide.

 You can copy the URL to the system clipboard for pasting into this field from the **Sources** tab in Boomi DataHub for any domain hosted in the repository. Only copy the portion of the URL ending with /mdm. For example, if one of the URLs on the **Sources** tab is https://c01-usa-east.hub.boomi.com/mdm/universes/01234567-89ab-cdef-0123-456789abcdef/sources/SF/updates, the portion to copy and paste is https://c01-usa-east.hub.boomi.com/mdm.

 As an alternative, you can copy the host name portion of the URL from the topic [Connecting to the Boomi Atom Clouds and Hub Clouds](../../Platform/atm-Connecting_to_the_boomi_atom_clouds_and_hub_clouds_fa4ee368-735e-4f4b-bb1b-b269de9b9448.md). In that topic Hub clouds are listed by name. After pasting the URL from that topic, append the path /mdm — for example, after pasting https://c01-usa-east.hub.boomi.com, append /mdm for a final result of https://c01-usa-east.hub.boomi.com.

**Username** - 
 The account’s user name for the repository. You can copy the user name to the system clipboard for pasting into this field from the **Configure** tab for the repository in Boomi DataHub.

**Token** - 
 The account’s authentication token for the repository. You can copy the token to the system clipboard for pasting into this field from the **Configure** tab for the repository in Boomi DataHub.


:::note

The connector automatically handles the HTTPS certificate. Therefore, you do not need to import a certificate component manually.

:::