#  Flow

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-abf3a37d-420c-4416-a608-bc8142bc634a"/>
</head>





The following information identifies the new features and fixes in Flow platform releases 2022-11-15, 2022-11-30, 2022-12-02, 2023-01-04, 2023-01-10, and 2023-01-16.


## Connectors 

Feature:

-   You can retrieve data from database views using the SQL connector.

    -   Database views are mapped to a type during installation of a SQL connector.

    -   You can read data from a database view type in a flow, for example by using a load map element or table component.

    -   You cannot write to or delete data from a database using the database view type.

    To learn more about the SQL connector, see the topic [SQL connector](/docs/Atomsphere/Flow/topics/flo-SQL-Connector_02134721-0243-4af6-a8ed-86a49f6ba710.md).

    \(FLOW-4971\)


Fixes:

-   The **Connectors** page no longer errors when you refresh the connector configuration data on a Boomi Integration Service connector that uses client certificate authentication. \(FLOW-5952\)

-   You can use environment variables in connector configuration values when installing and configuring a new connector. \(FLOW-6075\)


## Custom components 

Feature:

-   You can create and use your own custom components in the new page builder.

    -   Build a custom component, add it into the page builder, and drag it onto a page just like a standard page component.

    -   Export a custom component to share and reuse it in other tenants and flows.

    To learn more about using custom components, see the topic [Components](/docs/Atomsphere/Flow/topics/flo-custom-components_39b7f35b-5156-4f7d-98c0-400330f2d34e.md).

    \(FLOW-4713\)


## Dashboard 

Fix:

-   The **Flow Launches** dashboard chart now shows column date labels. \(FLOW-6010\)


## Environments 

Features:

-   You can enable environments in your tenant to manage your flow development process.

    -   Use environments to improve your release management process, and implement a standard Application Management Lifecycle \(ALM\) framework.

    -   Manage how and when you deliver flows to your users by releasing, deploying, and running your flows in development, testing, and production environments.

    -   Create environment variables for common values that you can change in each environment.

    To learn more about using environments, see the topic [Environments](/docs/Atomsphere/Flow/topics/flo-Environments_f79be140-1c1c-46a5-a45f-21fba514cf5e.md).

    \(FLOW-2784\)

-   You can delete environments data when sending a `DELETE` request to the the Delete Tenant data API endpoint `/api/admin/1/tenant/data`, by including the `releases` and `environmentvariables` variables in the request. \(FLOW-6104\)


Fix:

-   The Environments feature is enabled and available from the **Settings** menu when you switch on the **Enable Environments** toggle on the **Tenant** page. \(FLOW-6027\)


## Flow canvas 

Features:

-   Speed and performance of the flow canvas is improved. \(FLOW-6023\)

-   You can create and work with outcomes more easily on the canvas when using a mouse, with improvements to hover time and movement detection. \(FLOW-6016\)

-   You can move and align elements more easily on the flow canvas, with improvements to how elements are snapped to the canvas grid. \(FLOW-5934\)


Fixes:

-   The canvas no longer zooms in/out when you enter Plus \(+\) or Minus \(-\) characters into the publishing comments field. \(FLOW-5894\)

-   Outcomes are moved together with map elements when you reposition multiple connected map elements on the canvas. \(FLOW-5918\)

-   The circle icon is no longer offset when you move an outcome start to a different map element on the canvas. \(FLOW-6011\)

-   You can only add a single outcome to subflow map elements, whereas previously there was no restriction. You can only add a single outcome to the Start map element, subflow, and return map elements. \(FLOW-4406\)

-   You no longer need to click away from a canvas element more than once to deselect it. Click anywhere on the canvas or on another element to deselect an element. \(FLOW-6014\)


## Flows 

Feature:

-   When you rename a flow, the name of the open tab updates to show the new name. \(FLOW-5890\)


Fix:

-   The **Run** button is removed from flow tiles on the **Flows** page. \(FLOW-6012\)


## Identity providers 

Feature:

-   You can use the API to initialize a flow protected by an OIDC or OAuth 2.0 identity provider.

    -   A `credentials` class is added to the `EngineInitializeRequestAPI` property. Use this to pass Client ID and Client Secret Key values, and authenticate with the identity provider protecting the flow.

    -   To use this feature, you will need:

        -   An OIDC or OAuth 2.0 identity provider in which the “Allowed Grant Types” option includes `Client Credentials`.

        -   A flow protected by this identity provider.

    -   Send a POST request to the `api/run/1/` endpoint, containing an `EngineInitializationRequestAPI` body that includes the client credentials. For example:

        ``` {#codeblock_dqw_j3j_pvb}
        {
          ...
          "credentials": {
            "username": "client id",
            "password": "client secret key"
          }
        }
        ```

        The response contains an `Authorization` header. Use the token in this header as the `Authorization` header for any following invoke requests you make against the state that was just created.

    \(FLOW-5833\)


Fix:

-   Input values from a player are now returned after authentication with a SAML identity provider. \(FLOW-5986\)


## Macros 

Fix:

-   Display errors no longer occur when you run a macro online that generated object data set to a value. \(FLOW-5956\)


## Multi-cloud runtime 

Feature:

-   Security and performance improvements are made to multi-cloud runtime.

    To apply these improvements, you are advised to:

    1.  Update your multi-cloud runtime with the latest Docker runtime image.

    2.  Republish all of your local runtime flows.

    To learn more about deploying multi-cloud runtimes, see the topic [Deploying a local runtime](/docs/Atomsphere/Flow/topics/c-flo-MC_Deployment_2c294aa4-1068-468c-aee1-2ea610deaf00.md).


## Navigation 

Feature:

-   In preparation for a future feature, a **Position** setting is added to the navigation element. This does not affect the current runtime. \(FLOW-5903\)


## Organizations 

Feature:

-   Organization Administrators can view tenant user information on the **Organization Settings** page.

    -   Click the **Expand row** icon on a row in the **Tenant** section to show details of all users who can access the tenant.

    -   Click the **Collapse row** icon to collapse the row details.

    \(FLOW-5893\)


## Page builder 

Features:

-   You can design and build pages using the new drag-and-drop page builder.

    -   Access the component and configuration panels more easily in the improved interface.

    -   Create and add your own custom components to the page builder.

    -   Build page conditions more easily in the simplified page condition builder.

    -   Preview your page designs on a desktop or mobile screen.

    To learn more about using the page builder, see the topic [Using the page builder](/docs/Atomsphere/Flow/topics/flo-pages-builder_eafc591c-11b8-4924-835f-beff9aecd8c5.md).

    \(FLOW-3490\)

-   You can add client-side validation to components in the page builder.

    If you save state data into a value in a component, a **Validation** section is shown on the component configuration panel.

    -   **Required**: Switch this toggle on if the component must be interacted with by a user before they can progress to the next map element \(page\) in a flow. For example, you might require a user to enter a value into an input component to continue.

    -   Click **Add Validation** to add and configure validation to the component. You can apply the following types of validation:

        -   Minimum number: Set a minimum number or character limit for the component. A user must enter more than this value into the field.

        -   Maximum number: Set a maximum number or character limit for the component. A user is unable to enter more than this value into the field.

        -   Regular expression pattern: Add Regular Expression \(Regex\) validation to the component.

    -   You cannot add validation if you are saving state data into a boolean or object value.
    To learn more about validation, see individual [Components](/docs/Atomsphere/Flow/topics/flo-pages-components_75563266-7597-4963-b9dd-7a5b3f771190.md) topics.

    \(FLOW-5906\)

-   Speed and performance of page conditions in the page builder is improved. \(FLOW-6044\)


Fixes:

-   An error is no longer shown in the page builder if you configure a page combobox component to save from one type property to another. The `isBound` metadata property is also correctly set to `true`. \(FLOW-6057\)

-   Polar area charts are shown as expected in a published flow when you add a chart component of this type to a page. Previously, charts of this type were not shown on a published flow page. \(FLOW-6029\)

-   Rule criteria options are correctly shown when editing a page condition previously saved in the page builder. Additionally, you can select the value property of a component when creating a rule. \(FLOW-6041\)

-   The **Multi-select** setting is available on combobox page components in the page builder. You can use this setting to allow flow users to make multiple selections in a combobox.

    To learn more about the combobox component, see the topic [Combobox component](/docs/Atomsphere/Flow/topics/flo-pages-components-combobox_c96a1731-1c14-46e6-9a53-5e7cd6328aa2.md).

    \(FLOW-6043\)

-   Tiles page components no longer show an error in a running flow if blank values are passed from a connector. \(FLOW-5926\)


## Page layouts 

Fixes:

-   Outcome links are now shown in a running flow even if you had not saved page layouts linked to connected map elements in the flow. \(FLOW-5902\)

-   The configuration panel footer is now shown on all open page tabs when editing page conditions with multiple page tabs open. \(FLOW-6028\)


## Players 

Feature:

-   The **Players** page is updated to match the layout of the **Macros** page, with improvements to performance and usability.

    To learn more about players, see the topic [Players](/docs/Atomsphere/Flow/topics/c-flow-Players_931f82a8-0725-4dc3-b965-f606330dc5a6.md).

    \(FLOW-5637\)


## User settings 

Feature:

-   To help you check that you are generating API Keys for the correct user account, the **User Settings** screen shows your User ID and Email beneath the page title.

    To learn more about user settings, see the topic [User Settings](/docs/Atomsphere/Flow/topics/flo-User_Settings_a75df92d-0c13-4468-a57f-4ea66101ccd8.md).

    \(FLOW-5981\)


## Values

Fixes:

-   A confirmation prompt is no longer incorrectly shown if you try to save a value with a new name that partially matches an existing value name.

    -   You were prompted if an existing value name contained the new name text, causing the system to identify it as a duplicate value name.

    -   For example, if a “Testing” value already existed, attempting to save a new value named “Test” would prompt you to confirm the new value as if it were a duplicate.

    -   You are now only prompted when saving a value when a new value name matches an existing value name exactly.

    \(FLOW-6015\)

-   The value picker no longer errors when you add or edit a filter. \(FLOW-6036\).

-   The reference is no longer incorrectly set to the last property used when you assign multiple properties from the same object value. \(FLOW-6031\)


