#  Data Catalog and Preparation

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-a54c674e-2f49-4481-818b-8e729a916369"/>
</head>


To learn more about new features in Data Catalog and Preparation, read the [documentation](https://help.boomi-dcp.com/#/)

## Adapters 

Features:

-  The Snowflake adapter supports Snowflake OAuth 2.0 for authentication. (DCP-1553)

-  Data Catalog and Preparation supports EMR 6.8.0 HDFS and Hive adapters. (DCP-1709)



## Data Set Explorer 

Fix:

-   Sample data and statistics failed to load intermittently for certain data sets. This fix keeps sample data, column data, and statistics data loading in sync. (DCP-1754)


## Jobs 

Fixes:

-   Oracle Date, Datetime, and Timestamp data types are now correctly written when targeting job output to Snowflake using **Create**,**Insert**, **Overwrite**, **Upsert**, or **Merge** strategies. \(DCP-1718\)

-   Salesforce Date and Datetime data types are now correctly written when targeting job output to Snowflake using **Create**, **Insert**, **Overwrite**, **Upsert**, or **Merge** strategies. \(DCP-1719\)


## Schedules 

Fix:

-  Data Catalog and Preparation did not convert the day of the week to Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) for schedules that ran daily. With this fix, schedules with the **Daily** option selected adjust automatically to reflect daylight saving time. (DCP-1700)




## Settings 

Features:

-   Boomi Single Sign-On \(SSO\) is available for AtomSphere so you can navigate seamlessly between the platform and without the need to re-authenticate. If your instance does not currently use single sign-on, you will be contacted by support to configure Boomi SSO. Instances currently using another single sign-on authentication method are not affected.

In addition to Boomi SSO, administrators can now use OpenID Connect (OIDC) to authenticate users. OIDC authentication is available in all versions of Data Catalog and Preparation.

The **Allow Role Assignment in DCP** check box lets administrators assign Data Catalog and Preparation roles to users within the user interface for Boomi SSO, Security Assertion Markup Language 2.0 (SAML2), and OIDC authentication. (DCP-1673, DCP-1674)

-   The new **Validate Source IP** checkbox located in **Manage** \> **Settings** \> **Authentication** lets administrators shut off JSON Web Token (JWT) IP address validation as a part of user authentication for Boomi Single Sign-On. This setting controls the validation that the JWT is used by the same IP address it was issued to. Validation may need to be deactivated in cases where a user’s connection appears to originate from different IP addresses, such as when using a load-balanced reverse proxy or a network security application.

IP address validation is activated by default for all AtomSphere Data Catalog and Preparation and Boomi Data Catalog users. (DCP-1621)



