#  Boomi Enterprise Platform

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Release Notes"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-2874aa03-cb88-4671-a63b-3049d77b2e31"/>
</head>



## AtomSphere account 

Fix:

-   This fix resolves an issue where some users were unable to create a trial Platform account. (ADSEC-1912)


## AtomSphere Documentation 

Feature:

-   You can take advantage of improved stability, performance improvements, and new features on [help.boomi.com](https://help.boomi.com/) due to changes in the week commencing February 6.

    -   You can personalize search results based on your search preferences.

    -   You can switch between the default light theme and a new dark theme. The dark theme displays content against darker backgrounds, using a color palette designed to reduce eyestrain and energy usage.

    -   An estimated reading time is shown for each topic.

    -   The date and time that each topic was last updated is shown.

    -   You can scroll the Table of Contents and topic content separately.

    -   You can use Next and Previous buttons to navigate between topics.


## Single Sign-On 

Fixes:

-   This fix resolves an issue around how users are determined to be SSO users or regular, non-SSO users. \(ADSEC-1443\)

-   Previously, when an API token was deleted or removed for a user, the audit log didn't provide the reason for why the token was removed. With this fix, the audit log record and messages for a deleted or removed API token include the following information:

    -   A user having an API token is removed from the Account Group

    -   An account having an API token is removed from Account Group

    -   An Account Group having an API token is removed from an account

    \(ADSEC-1138\)
