# Boomi Documentation Feedback Code of Conduct and Terms

**ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE SUBMITTING FEEDBACK. BY SUBMITTING FEEDBACK ON THE BOOMI DOCUMENTATION SITE, YOU ARE REPRESENTING TO BOOMI THAT YOU HAVE READ AND ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS, DO NOT SUBMIT FEEDBACK.**

**(Last Updated: August 12, 2020)**

These Code of Conduct and Terms (“Terms”) govern your submission of feedback on the Boomi Documentation and any other Boomi site linking to these terms (any of the foregoing, the “Site”). Boomi may revise these Terms in its sole discretion at any time by updating this page. You should periodically check the Terms for such changes. By submitting feedback, you agree to be bound by these Terms and any amendments then in place. If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse shall be to stop submitting feedback to the site.

**Rules of Conduct.** You understand and agree that: The Site includes opportunities for you to create and submit written content or feedback (“User Content”). You are solely responsible for any User Content you create or transmit via the Site, and you submit User Content at your own risk. You agree that when providing any User Content that:

- Any content you submit, will comply with all applicable laws (including but not limited to laws governing competition, trade, false advertising and export control) and these Terms.
- You will not impersonate any other person or submit content on behalf of any other person or entity.
- You will not submit content in exchange for payment or consideration received from any third party.
- You will not submit, upload, email, or otherwise transmit any content through the Boomi Documentation that:
    - Infringes on the intellectual property rights or other rights of any person or entity;
    - Intentionally interferes with the Site’s operation; Violates any person’s privacy or publicity rights or breaches any duty of confidentiality that you owe to anyone or provides any non-public information about Boomi or any other company or person without authorization (including submitting personal data of any individuals without their consent or scraping the names and contact information for Boomi employees and Site users); Is harassing, defamatory, abusive, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable (in our sole judgment);
    - Contains or installs any viruses, worms, bugs, Trojan horses or other code, files or programs designed to, or capable of, disrupting, damaging or limiting the functionality of any software or hardware; or
    - Contains false or deceptive language, unsubstantiated or comparative claims regarding our or others’ products, third party advertising, spam, chain letters, or any other solicitation, including solicitation of lawsuits.

Boomi takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content or for any loss or damage thereto.

Although the User Content may be moderated or monitored by Boomi or its agents, it is not a substitute for contacting Boomi support. To contact Boomi support, sign in to the AtomSphere platform and navigate to Help > Support or send an email to <a href="mailto:support@boomi.com.">Support@boomi.com</a>.

**Feedback Ownership and Content License**

Any information provided to Boomi regarding current or potential Boomi products and services (“Feedback”) is assigned to, and hereby deemed the property of, Boomi, LP. By submitting any such information to Boomi, in consideration for Boomi’s offering this documentation interaction and considering ideas from Boomi documentation participants, you agree to a no-charge assignment to Boomi of all worldwide rights, title, and interest in copyrights and other intellectual property rights to the information. Boomi shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis. You agree to execute any documentation required by Boomi (in our sole discretion) to confirm such assignment to, and unrestricted use and dissemination by, Boomi of any Feedback. In addition, in connection with anything you provide to Boomi through the Boomi web pages or help.boomi.com and web pages linked thereto, to the extent that your submission is not assigned to Boomi, LP for any reason including but not limited to being outside the scope of first part of this clause on Feedback Ownership, you agree that such information is provided to Boomi on a non-confidential basis and by uploading, emailing, posting, disclosing, publishing or otherwise transmitting content to Boomi or submitting any content to Boomi, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) to Boomi and its designees a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive fully-paid up and royalty-free license to use any ideas, expression of ideas or other information, content or materials you submit to any Site (collectively, “Materials”) without restrictions of any kind and without any payment, or permission or notification, to you or any third party, or other consideration of any kind except for Boomi’s willingness to continue to host the Boomi Documentation web pages and for Boomi’s willingness to consider submissions of such Materials from time to time. The license shall include, without limitation, the irrevocable right to reproduce, prepare derivative works, combine with other works, alter, translate, distribute copies, display, perform, license the Materials, and all rights therein, in the name of Boomi or its designees throughout the universe in perpetuity in any and all media now or hereafter known. In addition, you warrant that all so-called moral rights in the content have been waived.

You acknowledge and agree that the relationship between you and Boomi is not a confidential, fiduciary, or other special relationship.

**Proprietary Rights and License to Use.** All materials on the Site, including, without limitation, names, logos, trademarks, graphics, photographs, illustrations, and software and other elements making up the Site (collectively, “Content”) are protected by copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights owned and controlled by us or by other parties that have otherwise provided their material to us. You may not delete, distort, sub-license, or otherwise modify the Content. Any unauthorized attempt to modify any Content, to defeat or circumvent our security features, or utilize the Sites or any part of the Content for any purpose other than its intended one is strictly prohibited. YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO CREATE DERIVITIVE WORKS OF ANY DOCUMENTS POSTED BY BOOMI ON THE BOOMI DOCUMENTATION SITE WITHOUT THE EXPRESS PRIOR WRITTEN AUTHORIZATION FROM BOOMI. IT IS A VIOLATION OF BOOMI’S COPYRIGHTS TO USE, REPRODUCE OR OTHERWISE MAKE AVAILABLE DOCUMENTS FROM THIS SITE FOR ANY COMPETITIVE, PUBLIC OR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES.

You agree not to rent, retransmit, disclose, publish, sell, assign, lease, sublicense, market, or transfer the content on this site or any portion thereof or use it in any manner not expressly authorized by a specific, plain consent signed by an authorized representative of Boomi to redistribute a specific item.

**General Release.** You hereby release and hold harmless Boomi, its affiliated entities, employees, directors, officers, licensees and assigns and each of their respective designees ("Boomi Entities") with respect to any claims, damages, costs, losses and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, due to or arising out of content you submit, post, transmit or make available through the Site.

**Indemnification.** You agree to indemnify and hold the Boomi Entities harmless from any claims, demands, liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) arising from your breach of any agreements set forth in these Terms.

**Governing Law.** You agree that the laws of the state of Texas will govern any claim or dispute relating to these Terms (the “Dispute”), without regard to Texas conflicts of laws principles. You agree to submit to, and waive any objection to, the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the federal and state courts located within Travis County, Texas. Before you or Boomi file any lawsuit regarding a Dispute, you and Boomi will attempt to resolve the Dispute through negotiation or through mediation using a mutually agreeable mediator. You and Boomi will treat the existence or results of any negotiation or mediation as confidential. If the parties are unable to resolve the Dispute within thirty days of notice of the Dispute to the other party, the parties will be free to pursue all remedies available at law or equity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party has the right to seek a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other equitable relief from a court of competent jurisdiction to preserve the status quo, prevent irreparable harm, avoid the expiration of any applicable limitation periods, or preserve a superior position with respect to other creditors.

**General Provisions.** These Terms shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck, and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. Our failure to enforce any provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other provision.