# Data Collection

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Platform"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-19c17ab6-b3fe-4e69-95f2-bcb438f3fa47"/>
</head>

Data Collection allows Boomi to utilize statistical data and information gathered during your regular use of the Platform to help us improve the overall experience with the Platform and its elements.

Data Collection also helps to:

- Perform security and operations management.
- Protect against fraudulent or illegal activity.
- Create statistical data and perform other analysis.
- Help Boomi for research and development purposes, in aggregate or de-identified form, to make informed product decisions and further enhance our Data Collection with new capabilities.

## Improving speed and efficiency

Data Collection works in tandem with our built-in data intelligence, drawing on terabytes of statistical data and information securely collected from processes deployed and run by customers over the past decade. Our data intelligence learns and makes recommendations about how to build your processes faster and better. With the collective wisdom of customers, our data intelligence brings greater insights and provides automated shortcuts to the repetitive development of business processes and tasks. By opting-in to Data Collection, you allow Boomi to collect certain data and information about how you use the Platform, which in turn benefits you with an improved user experience. Data Collection also helps keep our product teams informed by understanding how you use the product through aggregated metrics and data analytics.

## Capabilities

By allowing Data Collection (you can opt in or opt out for most accounts, but accounts are generally opted in by default unless you opt out), you benefit through the following capabilities:

- Recommended filters when building connector Query operations.
- Recommended fields when building maps (Boomi Suggest).
- Recommended solutions to troubleshoot and fix document or process errors (Boomi Resolve).

:::note

These capabilities will grow and expand over time as we gather data and information and learn from your regular use of the Platform.

:::

## Data Collection and your personal data

Our Data Collection does not share any data that can be used to clearly identify a person, such as full name, social security number, date of birth, etc. for usage by any other customers other than to serve your own account. However, the data gathered does include IP addresses, other geolocators and identifiers, which may be considered personally identifiable information. Boomi does not resell or share your personal data with third parties. The data gathered is used to provide services to you, improve your overall experience with the Boomi Enterprise Platform and it's services, perform security and operations management, protect against fraudulent and illegal activity, create statistical and other analysis for research and development purposes, help us make informed product decisions, and further enhance our Data Collection with new capabilities.

## What information is collected

Data Collection collects and utilizes statistical data and information related to the provision, performance, operation, and use of Boomi services, including information generated by customers during the regular use of the Platform and its service elements (Boomi Integration, Boomi DataHub, B2B/EDI Management, API Management, Flow, and any other products which may be released). Boomi Enterprise Platform and runtime environment data is always collected when using one of the service elements.

#### Boomi Enterprise Platform and runtime environment

The Boomi Enterprise Platform and runtime environment automatically collects data such as IP addresses and URLs, logs, endpoint details (URLs, account IDs, etc.), user-defined tracked properties, runtime resource data, system information (OS, database, Java version), etc.

#### Boomi Integration

Boomi Integration automatically collects data such as process design information (steps, connection URLs, profiles, parameters, etc.), process execution statistics (amount of data processed, number of process executions, duration, errors, etc.), Boomi user information (first and last name, role, email address), etc.

#### Boomi DataHub

Boomi DataHub automatically collects data such as golden record information and history, data quality step metrics (process call counts, success/failures, etc.), repository and model configuration details, account metrics, etc.

#### B2B/EDI Management

B2B/EDI management automatically collects data such as Trading Partner details (IP address, contact information, etc.), configuration data (communication standards, etc.), statistical data (documents processes, errors encountered), etc.

#### API Management

API Management automatically collects data such as API publisher and application owner details (email address, role, name, etc.), API configuration settings (endpoint, URL, etc.), statistical data (API call and execution counts), etc.

#### Boomi Flow

Flow automatically collects data such as Flow user information (name, email address, etc.), user input the Flow Developer has configured to be captured, statistical data (actions, event metrics, etc.), etc.

## How to manage Data Collection

As you use the Boomi Enterprise Platform, Data Collection is automatically set and active in your account. If you wish, you can manually opt out.

:::info

If your account is opted in to Data Collection when it should not be, opt out by toggling the Data Collection setting to OFF. This setting is only available to account administrators. If you are an account administrator and do not see the option, contact your Boomi account administrator. After verifying your identity, administration users then contact Boomi Support on your behalf. Allow Support up to two business days to opt your account out of Data Collection.

:::

## Privacy Policy

The Data Collection privacy policy describes how information and data we collect from your use of the Boomi Enterprise Platform is used. Review the [privacy policy](https://boomi.com/privacy/) for more information.
