# AtomSphere API Tokens settings

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Platform"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-6a75a1f6-709c-4b08-b3bd-85fe2ac02e18"/>
</head>

API tokens allow users to authenticate calls to the AtomSphere Partner and AtomSphere APIs.

## API Tokens

As an alternative to user name and password credentials, API tokens are a form of authentication that users can generate and use to successfully authenticate calls to the AtomSphere API and AtomSphere Partner API. API tokens provide the ability for users, including single-sign on (SSO) users or those with two-factor authentication enabled on their accounts, to create automated processes that utilize APIs without having to program, store, or transmit their username and password credentials.

Users can generate up to 5 tokens on their user account, which can be used to take the place of a user’s basic credentials in an API call. Users can add, revoke, disable, enable, or rename their API tokens using the Boomi **AtomSphere API Tokens** page in Settings. Tokens, represented as a string of alphanumeric characters, are always associated with the user who created them and cannot be updated. API tokens should be treated like passwords, and should not be shared among other users. Account administrators can manage all API tokens generated by users that belong to an account.

For information on creating tokens, refer to [Adding API tokens](./int-Adding_API_tokens_d788aee3-026f-41c5-bebb-bf7f94500db3.md).

:::note

To create and use API tokens on your user account, you must have the API Access privilege and the API Token feature must also be enabled in **Settings** \> **Account Information and Setup** \> **Boomi AtomSphere API Tokens.**

:::

## Using AtomSphere API Tokens in your API call

SSO users can make API calls without having Administration privileges by utilizing API tokens. Additionally, users with two-factor authentication (2FA) enabled on their account can authenticate their API calls using a single API token, rather than needing to enter authentication codes generated by their Time-based One Time Password application.

To use API tokens to authenticate the AtomSphere and AtomSphere Partner APIs, highly encourages users to replace instances of their username and password credentials in their API calls with an API token where applicable. To use the API token in an AtomSphere API or AtomSphere Partner API connector call, change the **Authentication Type** to API Token in your connection, and then enter your user name in the **User Name** field as normal and the API token's number in the **API Token** field. To make a call to the AtomSphere API or AtomSphere Partner API using an API token in any other case, replace the `<username:password>` value in the **Basic Auth** header of your API calls with BOOMI\_TOKEN.`<username>:<token_value>`.

For example, the following shows a user using an API token to authenticate a GET request made to the Audit Log object:

```
curl --user "BOOMI_TOKEN.user@boomi.com:123aab45-67b8-9012-3a45-67c8e9e01e23" --request GET 'https://api.boomi.com/api/rest/v1/account123/AuditLog/documentId-321' 
```

For more information about authenticating Boomi AtomSphere API and Boomi AtomSphere Partner API calls, see Related References.
