#  Runtime Release (Boomi Enterprise Platform)

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Platform"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-887cd0a8-7936-4855-bd18-959990778913"/>
</head>


The **Runtime Release** is the official release of Boomi runtime features, enhancements, and fixes. It is a production quality release that provides the flexibility to apply updates to your runtimes, when it's most convenient for you, two weeks prior to the scheduled Platform release.

The Runtime Release delivers features, enhancements, and fixes that affect runtime (Atoms, Molecules, Atom Clouds, and API Gateways) and Connector features in the Integration and API Management services. Release notes announce all upcoming updates available with the Runtime Release.

:::note
Updates to the user interface, the Boomi Enterprise Platform, Parter APIs, and any updates related to Flow and Boomi DataHub are not included in this release.
:::

The Runtime Release is typically available two weeks prior to the Platform Release, though timing may vary. Upcoming release dates are listed on the [Notifications page](https://stats.boomi.com/notifications/). You can optionally choose to apply Runtime Release updates at any time up until the next Platform Release. If you do not apply Runtime Release updates to your account before the next Platform Release, the updates are automatically applied when the next Platform Release occurs. 

Applying Runtime Release updates requires restarting the runtime containers, which can disrupt running processes. For more detailed information, see the topic [Runtime and Platform Release](/docs/Atomsphere/Platform/atm-Runtime_and_Atomsphere_releases_8aa6b48e-b0b6-4382-8ffa-a7cf23f0314f.md).