# Changing devices to generate two-factor authentication codes 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Platform"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-9ce2091d-92e5-45e2-8545-9ebc29067e8e"/>
</head>


Reconfigure two-factor authentication \(2FA\) for a new device from the **Settings** page.

## About this task

Using the 2FA Reconfiguration feature, you can quickly enable a new device to generate authentication codes from your Time-based One Time Password (TOTP) application to log in with 2FA. This action prevents you from needing to disable and re-enable 2FA on your user ID, and ensures that your user continuously requires 2FA to log in.

:::note

After reconfiguration, authentication codes generated from the old device are invalidated and no longer work on the Boomi Enterprise Platform.

:::

## Procedure

1.  Select **Settings** \> **Account Information and Setup** and click the **Authentication** tab under My User Settings.

2.  In the **Two-factor Authentication** toggle box, click the **Reconfigure** link.

    The 2FA reconfiguration wizard opens.

3.  Using the TOTP authenticator application from your desktop or mobile device, do one of the following:

    -   Scan the QR code provided by the 2FA reconfiguration wizard.
    -   Manually enter a code into your authenticator application. To generate this code, click the **setup code** link on the 2FA Reconfiguration wizard.

    This synchronizes the to the authenticator application.

4.  On the 2FA reconfiguration wizard, click **Next**.

5.  On the **Verify Authentication Setup** page of the 2FA reconfiguration wizard, enter a six-digit code generated by your authenticator application.

6.  Click **Next**.

7.  Click the **Download** link to download and save a set of 10 backup codes to a secure location.

    :::note
    
    It is best practice to download your new set of backup codes immediately to avoid getting locked out of your account. Boomi recommends that you treat your backup codes with the same level of security as you would a password.

    :::

8.  When you are done, click **Finish** to exit the wizard.

## Results

You have successfully reconfigured 2FA for your new device.