# Setting up two-factor authentication when signing in or switching to an account 

<head>
  <meta name="guidename" content="Platform"/>
  <meta name="context" content="GUID-274e6928-521d-4b96-acfa-525da4f09282"/>
</head>


Configure two-factor authentication \(2FA\) when signing in or switching to accounts that require 2FA.

## Before you begin

Download a Time-based One-Time Password \(TOTP\) authenticator application to your mobile device. Refer to your application's help guide for specific user instructions.

## About this task

In some cases, an account administrator may require all users of an account to use 2FA. When you attempt to sign in or switch to a 2FA-enabled account, you are prompted to configure 2FA in order to proceed. This prompt occurs for users who are accessing a 2FA-enabled account but do not yet have 2FA set up on their own user ID. Complete the following steps to properly configure 2FA from sign in or account switch:

## Procedure

1. Sign in to your Boomi account with your user name and password.

    A message appears informing you that the account requires you to configure 2FA to continue.

2.  Click **Setup 2FA**.

    The screen redirects to the **Settings** \> **Account Information and Setup** \> **Authentication** page and the 2FA wizard opens.

3.  From your TOTP application, do one of the following:

    -   Use your third-party authentication application to scan the QR code provided by the Boomi Enterprise Platform 2FA wizard.
  
    -   Manually enter a code into your third-party authenticator application. To generate this code, click the **setup code** link on the 2FA wizard.
  
    This establishes a connection between the Boomi Enterprise Platform and your authenticator application.

4.  On the Boomi 2FA wizard, click **Next**.

5.  On the Verify Authentication Setup page of the 2FA wizard, enter a six-digit code generated by your TOTP application.

6.  Click **Next**.

7.  Click the **Download** link to download and save a set of 10 backup codes to a secure location. Treat these codes with the same level of care as your Boomi credentials.

    :::note
    
    It is best practice to download your new set of backup codes immediately to avoid getting locked out of your account. recommends that you treat your backup codes with the same level of security as you would a password.

    :::

8.  Click **Finish** to exit the wizard.

## Results

You have successfully configured 2FA on your account. After the initial setup of 2FA on an account, you can access the **Settings** \> **Account Information and Setup** \> **Authentication** page to reconfigure 2FA and regenerate backup codes, if necessary. If you decide to disable 2FA, reenabling requires you to complete these steps again.